--- Segment 1 ---
REGULATIONS GOVERNING RESEARCH POSTGRADUATE STUDIES  
 
1. Postgraduate Studies Committee  
 
The Postgraduate Studies Committee of the Senate of the University (hereinafter "the 
Committee") shall administer and manage all aspects of the progress of all candida tures as 
required in these Regulations. 2. General Conditions  
 
2. 1 The degree of Master of Philosophy (MPhil) or Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) will be 
awarded by the University when a candidate has successfully completed an approved 
programme of supervised r esearch, has presented a written thesis satisfying the 
requirements specified for that award, has successfully defended this thesis in the presence 
of the examiners, and has satisfied other requirements as stipulated by the University 
authorities. 2. 2 Normally the research work will be based in the University, but exceptionally the 
Committee may consider and, if satisfied, approve alternative arrangements. 3. Admission of Students  
 
3. 1 An applicant for admission to candidature for the degree of MPhil shou ld normally:  
 
 (a) hold a relevant bachelor’s degree with first or second class honours or at an 
equivalent standard awarded by a tertiary education institution recognised for this 
purpose by the University; or  
 
 (b) have obtained an equivalent qualificati on; or  
 
 (c) have provided satisfactory evidence of academic and professional attainment.

--- Segment 2 ---
Admission of Students  
 
3. 1 An applicant for admission to candidature for the degree of MPhil shou ld normally:  
 
 (a) hold a relevant bachelor’s degree with first or second class honours or at an 
equivalent standard awarded by a tertiary education institution recognised for this 
purpose by the University; or  
 
 (b) have obtained an equivalent qualificati on; or  
 
 (c) have provided satisfactory evidence of academic and professional attainment. 3. 2 An applicant for admission to candidature for the degree of PhD should normally:  
 
 (a) hold a master’s degree awarded by a tertiary education institution recogni sed for 
this purpose by the University; or  
 
 (b) hold a relevant bachelor’s degree with first or second class honours or at an 
equivalent standard , and have registered in a programme of study for a master’s 
degree at a recognised tertiary education institu tion for at least one year and have 
evidence of research achievement; or  
 
 (c) have obtained an equivalent qualification of (a) or (b) above; or  
 
 (d) have provided satisfactory evidence of academic and professional attainment. 3. 3 In addition to the abo ve, an applicant whose degree is not from a tertiary institution in 
Hong Kong or an English -speaking country should obtain a minimum score of 550 
(paper -based test) or 79 (internet -based test) in the Test of English as a Foreign 
Language (TOEFL), or a band  score of 6. 5 or above in the International English 
Language Testing System (IELTS), or an equivalent score in a recognised test, or an 
equivalent qualification to prove his/her language proficiency which will be considered 
on a case -by-case basis. (Note) Applicants are required to fulfil additional requirements, if 
any, set by the programmes to which they apply for admission. 3. 4 The details of the applicant, the area of study and topic of the applicant's programme, the 
proposed objectives of the investig ation, its relationship to previous work in the same 
field, and the methods of approach must in all cases be outlined in the application.

--- Segment 3 ---
3. 4 The details of the applicant, the area of study and topic of the applicant's programme, the 
proposed objectives of the investig ation, its relationship to previous work in the same 
field, and the methods of approach must in all cases be outlined in the application. These 
will be presented on a standard proforma provided by the Committee. 3. 5 The language for writing a thesis shall  be determined at the time of admission. A thesis 
should be written in English except for candidates in the Department of Chinese or those 
who are otherwise approved to write their theses in Chinese or another language. An 
applicant who intends to write hi s/her thesis in a language other than English shall 
indicate such in the application form for admission for consideration of the relevant 
department. Approval shall be given by the Head of Department concerned with inputs 
from relevant staff members who ha ve expertise in the applicant’s proposed research on 
the basis that the applicant can demonstrate a need to use Chinese or a language other 
than English to write his/her thesis. Any subsequent change of the language of thesis 
will require consultation and agreement of the Head of Department, the Supervisor and 
the student. 3.

--- Segment 4 ---
Any subsequent change of the language of thesis 
will require consultation and agreement of the Head of Department, the Supervisor and 
the student. 3. 6  An applicant will not be prejudiced against during the admission process due to his/her 
choice of language for thesis writing, except that the admitting Department must 
consider fu lly its ability to supervise and examine that thesis in the proposed language. 3. 7 The admission of a student to the University is based on academic suitability and potential 
for a programme. There should be no discrimination on the grounds of sex, age,  race, 
religion, ethnic origin or physical disability. 3. 8 Physically handicapped applicants are assessed in accordance with the same admission 
criteria. It is the intention of the University to provide aid and support to students with 
disabilities as fa r as possible. Applicants are therefore invited to contact the School of 
Graduate Studies ( hereinafter “ GS”) for information concerning existing facilities for 
disabled persons at the University.

--- Segment 5 ---
It is the intention of the University to provide aid and support to students with 
disabilities as fa r as possible. Applicants are therefore invited to contact the School of 
Graduate Studies ( hereinafter “ GS”) for information concerning existing facilities for 
disabled persons at the University. Newly admitted students are also encouraged to inform 
the University of their needs so that timely assistance may be provided . 4. Registration  
 
4. 1 An applicant who is successful shall be allowed to register provisionally for the degree of 
MPhil/PhD as either:  
 
(a) a full -time candidate ; or 
 
(b) a part -time cand idate. He/She is required to register in person with the GS on a specified date and is considered to 
have been admitted on the date of his/her first registration. Thereafter, he/she should 
present himself/herself for registration on a specified date bef ore  commencement of 
studies . Note:   For IELTS a nd TOEFL qualifications for admission to 2020 -21 intake and onwards, the University only 
accepts results that are within the validity period, viz. two years, from the time of submission of an admission 
application for the specific intake cohort.

--- Segment 6 ---
Note:   For IELTS a nd TOEFL qualifications for admission to 2020 -21 intake and onwards, the University only 
accepts results that are within the validity period, viz. two years, from the time of submission of an admission 
application for the specific intake cohort. 4. 2 The Supervisor will inform the Committee whether the thesis will be written in Chinese or 
English. At the same time, the Supervisor will be required to state that suitable examiners 
are available. 4. 3 For applicants to be admitted into full -time or part -time candidature they must satisfy the 
Supervisor of their ability to complete the work in the prescribed period. 4. 4 A candidate shall be attached to a Department of the University. 4.

--- Segment 7 ---
4 A candidate shall be attached to a Department of the University. 4. 5 Arrangements for registration an d re-registration shall be prescribed by the   Dean  of GS . 4. 6 A student who wishes to continue his/her study at the University but fails to pay the 
prescribed fees after a lapse of ten days or fails to register before the last day for 
registration withou t prior approval of the Dean of GS is considered as having withdrawn 
from studies at the University. 4. 7 A student who for special reasons seeks permission for deferment of his/her registration 
may apply in writing to the Dean  of GS  at least one week befo re the specified date for 
registration. A fee for late registration will be charged and the student is required to 
register by the deferred registration date. 4. 8 A student who wishes to change from full -time to part -time or vice versa  may apply  in 
writin g providing justifications.

--- Segment 8 ---
4. 8 A student who wishes to change from full -time to part -time or vice versa  may apply  in 
writin g providing justifications. Such application should be endorsed by his/her 
Supervisor, recommended by the Research and Postgraduate Studies Committee  
concerned and approved by the Committee. If approved, the period of study of the 
student will be shortened  or extended on a pro rata  basis. 4. 9 A full -time student of the University is not allowed to pursue simultaneously any 
programme at another tertiary institution without the prior permission of the Committee. A student in breach of this regulation is subj ect to having his/her studies at the 
University discontinued. 4. 10 A full -time student is normally not allowed to take up any full -time employment, paid or 
unpaid, during his/her period of study. 5.

--- Segment 9 ---
10 A full -time student is normally not allowed to take up any full -time employment, paid or 
unpaid, during his/her period of study. 5. Period of Study  
 
5. 1 The normal duration expected for t he completion of an approved programme of research 
leading to the degree of MPhil or PhD is as follows:  
 
 Degree  Study Mode  Normal Period  
 MPhil  Full-time 2 years  
  Part-time 3 years  
 PhD Full-time 3 years  (with a relevant master’s degree)  
   4 years  (with out a relevant master’s degree)  
  Part-time 5 years  (with a relevant master’s degree)  
   6 years  (without a relevant master’s degree)  
 
5. 2 Everyone associated with research degrees should endeavour to see that students complete 
their degrees within these t ime frames. 5. 3 Subject to the discretion of the Committee, the minimum period of research is as 
follows:  
 
 Degree  Study Mode  Minimum Period  
 MPhil  Full-time 18 months  
  Part-time 30 months  
 PhD Full-time 30 months   
  Part-time 42 months   
 
5. 4 Exceptional ly, the period of registered research may be extended to a maximum period 
as specified below:   
 
 Degree  Study Mode  Maximum Period  
 MPhil  Full-time 36 months  
  Part-time 48 months  
 PhD Full-time 60 months  (with a relevant master’s degree)  
   72 months  (without a relevant master’s degree)  
 Part-time 84 months  (with a relevant master’s degree)  
  96 months  (without a relevant master’s degree)  
 
5. 5 Request for extension beyond the normal period of research has to be made by the student, 
endorsed by his/her S upervisor  and the Head of Department concerned , and approved by 
the Committee. 5.

--- Segment 10 ---
5 Request for extension beyond the normal period of research has to be made by the student, 
endorsed by his/her S upervisor  and the Head of Department concerned , and approved by 
the Committee. 5. 6 Where application is made for permission to extend the period within which the candidate 
may submit for examination, brief details of the candidate's progress shall be pres ented, 
together with reasons for the delay in completing the programme and the expected date of 
completion. 5. 7 Where the Committee agrees to the extension, it may set a limit to the period of research. 5. 8 Students who continue study beyond the normal p eriod of study shall pay an extension fee 
equivalent to one -half of the amount of normal tuition fee for the period  concerned. The 
period of extension shall be three or more months and the extension fee is to be paid on a 
pro-rata basis. 5. 9 If a candida te has undertaken part of a research programme as a registered candidate for a 
research degree in a university or such other recognised institution of higher education, it 
may be possible for this effort to be given some credit, providing it is relevant to  the 
University programme.

--- Segment 11 ---
5. 9 If a candida te has undertaken part of a research programme as a registered candidate for a 
research degree in a university or such other recognised institution of higher education, it 
may be possible for this effort to be given some credit, providing it is relevant to  the 
University programme. In the event that some of this research has been published, the 
Committee will decide what can be used in the University programme. 5. 10 In such cases (5. 9 above), an application should be made by the candidate, explaining what  
work has been done and explaining its relevance to the University programme. The 
maximum credit to be given to such work, in the event such application has been 
approved, shall not exceed 50% of the normal period of research. 6. Confirmation of Candidat ure  
 
6. 1  A candidate is regarded as on provisional candidature for the degree of MPhil/PhD during 
the initial period of studies.

--- Segment 12 ---
Confirmation of Candidat ure  
 
6. 1  A candidate is regarded as on provisional candidature for the degree of MPhil/PhD during 
the initial period of studies. 6. 2 Within the initial 6 to 10 months for full -time candidates and 9 to 15 months for part -time 
candidates, a candidate mus t prepare an outline paper for presentation at a topic -defence 
seminar and submit a report on research progress to his/her Supervisor. 6. 3 The Supervisor will submit to the Head of Department an assessment report on the 
candidate together with the progre ss report from the candidate. In the assessment report, 
the Supervisor shall give comments in various aspects of studies of the candidate, and 
make one of the recommendations listed below:  
 
(a) the candidature be confirmed; or  
 
(b) the candidate shall rem ain on provisional candidature for an extended period as 
described in Regulation 6. 4 below; or  
 
(c) the candidate shall transfer from PhD to MPhil candidature, or transfer from MPhil to 
PhD candidature, provided that the requirements concerning transfer of  candidature 
set out in Regulation 7 below are met; or  
 
(d) the candidature be terminated. 6. 4 In case (b) is recommended, the Supervisor will recommend the end date of the extended 
period giving explanations on the determination of the end date, and spec ify conditions 
that the candidate has to meet in order to have his/her candidature confirmed by the end 
of the extended period.

--- Segment 13 ---
6. 4 In case (b) is recommended, the Supervisor will recommend the end date of the extended 
period giving explanations on the determination of the end date, and spec ify conditions 
that the candidate has to meet in order to have his/her candidature confirmed by the end 
of the extended period. The end date of the extended period shall be within 14 months 
from the date of commencement of studies of a full -time MPhil and 16 months for a PhD 
candidate (21 months and 26 months for a part -time MPhil and PhD candidate 
respectively). The Head of Department concerned shall give his/her comments on the 
case apart from indicating his/her endorsement or otherwise of the recommendat ion in 
the assessment report. 6. 5 The assessment report together with the progress report shall be submitted to the 
Committee. The Committee will determine that  
 
(a) the candidature be confirmed; or  
 
(b) the candidate shall remain on provisional candidatu re for an extended period as 
described in Regulation 6. 6 below; or  
 
(c) the candidate shall transfer from PhD to MPhil candidature, or transfer from MPhil to 
PhD candidature, provided that the requirements concerning transfer of candidature 
set out in Regu lation 7 below are met; or  
 
(d) termination of candidature be recommended for approval of the Senate. 6. 6 In case of (b), the Committee shall decide on the end date of the extended period and a 
list of requirements the candidate will need to fulfil by the  end of the extended period.

--- Segment 14 ---
6. 6 In case of (b), the Committee shall decide on the end date of the extended period and a 
list of requirements the candidate will need to fulfil by the  end of the extended period. 6. 7 Within the extended period, in addition to fulfilling the list of requirements specified as 
referred to in Regulation 6. 6 above, the candidate must complete the procedures for 
confirmation of candidature, i. e. prepare an o utline paper for presentation at a 
topic -defence seminar and submit a report on research progress to his/her Supervisor for 
reassessment of candidature. 6. 8 Upon receiving the progress report from the candidate, the Supervisor, in consultation 
with the H ead of Department, shall assess the candidate and write a report, in which 
comments on the candidate during the extended period are given and one of the 
following recommendations is made for consideration by the Committee:  
 
(a) the candidature be confirmed ; or 
 
(b) the candidate shall transfer from PhD to MPhil candidature, where applicable; or  
 
(c) termination of candidature be recommended for approval of the Senate. 7.

--- Segment 15 ---
8 Upon receiving the progress report from the candidate, the Supervisor, in consultation 
with the H ead of Department, shall assess the candidate and write a report, in which 
comments on the candidate during the extended period are given and one of the 
following recommendations is made for consideration by the Committee:  
 
(a) the candidature be confirmed ; or 
 
(b) the candidate shall transfer from PhD to MPhil candidature, where applicable; or  
 
(c) termination of candidature be recommended for approval of the Senate. 7. Transfer of Candidature  
 
7. 1 A student may transfer from the candidature of PhD to MPh il provided that such a 
transfer takes place before the commencement of his/her third year of study (for a 
full-time student) or his/her fourth year of study (for a part -time student). The student 
shall submit an application in writing , together with a res earch proposal for MPhil study, 
at least 3 months (summer vacation period not to be included) prior to the intended date 
of transfer. 7. 2 A student may transfer from MPhil to PhD candidature only if his/her application for 
such transfer has been approve d. The application can be approved provided that  
 
(a) the student meets the  admission requirements of PhD ; 
 
(b) his/her capacity  is of a standard  higher than normal  MPhil students ; 
 
(c) the proposed PhD research is a higher level of work than that of MPhil ; and  
 
(d) such transfer takes place about 12 months (for a full -time student) or 18 months (for a 
part-time student) before the expiry  of the normal period of study. 7. 3 The MPhil student shall submit an application in writing, together with a research 
proposal for P hD study, by the eighth month (for a full -time student) or the twelfth 
month (for a part -time student) from his/her commencement of MPhil study.

--- Segment 16 ---
7. 3 The MPhil student shall submit an application in writing, together with a research 
proposal for P hD study, by the eighth month (for a full -time student) or the twelfth 
month (for a part -time student) from his/her commencement of MPhil study. He/she is 
required to present in a seminar the proposed PhD research proposal and at the same 
time defends his/ her MPhil topic. The seminar shall take place before the Department 
Board’s meeting referred to in Regulation 7. 4 below. 7. 4 An application for transfer of candidature should be endorsed by the Supervisor of the 
student, deliberated and recommended by the  Department Board and the Research and 
Postgraduate Studies Committee  concerned, and approved by the Committee. 7. 5 A transfer student shall date the period of study from the date of commencement of 
his/her study of the original programme. 7.

--- Segment 17 ---
5 A transfer student shall date the period of study from the date of commencement of 
his/her study of the original programme. 7. 6 A student whose PhD candidature has been confirmed and is approved to transfer from 
the candidature of PhD to MPhil is not required to go through the procedures for 
confirmation of MPhil candidature after the transfer. 7. 7 A student approved to transfer from the ca ndidature of MPhil to PhD shall complete 
within one year after the transfer the procedures for confirmation of PhD candidature as 
stipulated in Regulation 6 above except that the student is not required to present the 
PhD research topic in a seminar again. 8. Fees 
 
8. 1 A student shall be required to pay such fees as may be determined by the University from 
time to time. 8. 2 Tuition fees are payable in two equal instalments before the start of the first and second 
terms  of an academic year .

--- Segment 18 ---
8. 2 Tuition fees are payable in two equal instalments before the start of the first and second 
terms  of an academic year . 9. Leave of A bsence  
 
9. 1 A candidate who wishes to be absent from his/her studies for three weeks or more must 
apply in writing to the Committee through his/her Supervisor for leave of absence, if 
possible, one month before the intended commencement date of leave. 9. 2 Leave of absence may be granted for a maximum period of 12 months. 9. 3 Any periods of leave of absence taken shall not be included as part of the period of study. 9.

--- Segment 19 ---
3 Any periods of leave of absence taken shall not be included as part of the period of study. 9. 4 Students approved to take leave of absence during part of the study period  within a te rm of 
an academic year  shall pay the full amount of tuition fee for the term. In the case of a 
student being given approval to take leave of absence for the whole term  of an academic 
year, no tuition fee needs to be paid for the term concerned. 10. Withd rawal  
 
10. 1 A student who wishes to leave the University before graduation must seek official 
withdrawal from the University. The student should complete and submit an application 
form obtainable from the  GS. 10. 2 Approval will be granted by the Dean  of GS only after proper clearance by relevant 
units.

--- Segment 20 ---
10. 2 Approval will be granted by the Dean  of GS only after proper clearance by relevant 
units. 10. 3 A student who has been absent without leave for a period exceeding thirty calendar days 
in the aggregate in any 6–month  interval  after commencement of studies  will be 
considered as having unofficiall y withdrawn from studies at the University. 11. Termination of Candidature  
 
11. 1 The Senate may, on the recommendation of the Committee, terminate a candidature at any 
time on the grounds of the candidate's unsatisfactory performance or failure to compl y 
with these Regulations. A student with candidature terminated on academic ground is 
normally not allowed to be admitted to any programme of the University. 11. 2 The student whose studies have been  discontinued may appeal in writing against the 
decision  within 10 days of being informed of the decision, enclosing all the necessary 
supporting documents.

--- Segment 21 ---
11. 2 The student whose studies have been  discontinued may appeal in writing against the 
decision  within 10 days of being informed of the decision, enclosing all the necessary 
supporting documents. The Discontinuation Appeals Panel will consider the case. It is 
empowered by the Senate to decide on the case. The decision of the P anel will be final. 12. Supervision and Progress  
 
12. 1 At the time of admission, the Research and Postgraduate Studies Committee of the 
programme concerned in consultation with the Head of the relevant Department shall 
make a recommendation to the Committee for the appointme nt of a full -time member of 
the academic staff as the Supervisor of the candidate. 12. 2 At least one Co -supervisor in addition to a Chief Supervisor should be appointed for a PhD 
student.

--- Segment 22 ---
12. 2 At least one Co -supervisor in addition to a Chief Supervisor should be appointed for a PhD 
student. The Chief Supervisor and Co -supervisor of a PhD student should be a full -time 
academic staff member on a research -track/ tenure -track appointment who possesses a 
relevant PhD degree and (a) holds an Associate Professor rank or above, or (b) holds an 
Assistant Professor rank but with a record of active research in the rele vant field. 12. 3 It is preferable to appoint at least one Co -supervisor in addition to a Chief Supervisor for 
an MPhil student. The Supervisor of an MPhil student should be a full -time academic 
staff member holding an Assistant Professor or equivalent ra nk or above, and in addition 
should either  
  
(a) have held a relevant PhD degree or equivalent for at least one year; or  
 
(b) have held a relevant master's degree by research (e. g. MPhil) for at least three years, 
and have  
(i) successfully supervised or co -supervised an MPhil thesis or equivalent ; or 
(ii) successfully supervised an MPhil thesis or equivalent at another institution. 12. 4 A full -time academic staff member who does not meet the above conditions (12.

--- Segment 23 ---
12. 4 A full -time academic staff member who does not meet the above conditions (12. 2 or 12. 3) 
may 
 
(a) in exceptional circumsta nces, be recommended by the Research and Postgraduate 
Studies Committee of the programme concerned in consultation with the Head of the 
Department, for appointment by the Committee, with consideration being based 
mainly on experience in research; or  
 
(b) only act as a Co -supervisor of an MPhil student together with another Supervisor who 
satisfies the above conditions or has been exceptionally approved. 12. 5 In exceptional circumstances, a visiting/honorary/adjunct staff member who meets other 
appointment criteria can be appointed as the Chief Supervisor or Co -supervisor, whereas 
an emeritus professor can be appointed as the Co -supervisor. A full -time staff member 
who is going to leave the University may be specially approved to act as the 
Co-Supervisor of the student whom he/she has been supervising, whether or not he/she 
is going to be a visiting/honorary/adjunct staff member of the University. Another  
full-time academic staff member should be appointed as the Chief Supervisor of the 
student if needed. In the situation where a student is in his/her later stage of studies, e. g.

--- Segment 24 ---
In the situation where a student is in his/her later stage of studies, e. g. in his/her last few months of studies, a departing staff member may be specially 
approved to continue to act as the Chief Supervisor of the student. The relevant 
department has to sub mit details of the case, inter alia , the proposed supervisory 
arrangement, reason for the proposal, time availability and commitment of the relevant 
staff member (whether departing staff or visiting/honorary/adjunct staff members) to 
provide proper supervi sion to the student preferably until end of the normal study period, 
the planned remuneration arrangement (if any) for the supervision work, etc. 12. 6 Supervisors will closely guide their candidates in the early phases of their research and 
thereafter wil l be responsible for helping them to work independently. 12. 7 A further role of the Supervisor is to keep the Committee aware of the progress made by 
the candidate, and of any significant modifications to the programme, and to make 
recommendations relati ng to confirmation of candidature, transfer of candidature and the 
examination of the candidate. 12. 8 All students are required to submit via his/her Supervisor a progress report on an annual 
basis (unless a progress report for confirmation of candidature  has been submitted within 
the last three months).

--- Segment 25 ---
12. 8 All students are required to submit via his/her Supervisor a progress report on an annual 
basis (unless a progress report for confirmation of candidature  has been submitted within 
the last three months). The Supervisor shall submit to the Committee, together with the 
annual progress report, an assessment report on his/her student. For non -final year 
students, his/her Supervisor shall make  a recommendation  as to whether the student shall 
be permitted to proceed and, where appropriate, requested to transfer from PhD to MPhi l. The Supervisor shall make the recommendation on transfer of candidature, if any, as early 
as practicable so that the transfer may tak e effect before the latest date allowed under the 
provisions in Regulation 7. 12. 9 All students are also required to present their research findings in a seminar a few months 
prior to the date of oral examination (as referred to under Regulation 17. 1). A dditional 
presentation seminars may be arranged in between the two mandatory ones, i. e.

--- Segment 26 ---
A dditional 
presentation seminars may be arranged in between the two mandatory ones, i. e. the 
topic -defence seminar during the initial period and the seminar on research findings before 
oral examination. 12. 10  Where the Supervisor, either Chief Supervisor o r Co -Supervisor, is absent from the 
University for a period of six weeks or more or leaves the University during the period 
of study of the student, alternative supervisory arrangement shall be made , unless 
otherwise justified. 12. 11  The Head of Departme nt shall submit a proposal on the appropriate supervisory 
arrangement to the Research and Postgraduate Studies Committee  concerned for 
consideration. For cases involving replacement of supervisors by full -time academic 
staff members meeting appointment cri teria, approval can be given by the Research and 
Postgraduate Studies Committee concerned. For other cases, the approval of the 
Committee has to be obtained. 13.

--- Segment 27 ---
For other cases, the approval of the 
Committee has to be obtained. 13. Change of Circumstances  
 
A candidate shall be required to report to the Supervisor and the Dean of GS any material 
alteration in his/her circumstances which may affect the candidature. 14. Residence Requirements  
 
14. 1 The University deems it important for each student to interact with his/her supervisor(s) 
and with peer students. A student, full -time or part -time, is therefore required to 
participate in seminars and other academic activities of the University. Supervisors shall 
encourage and advise students to participate in seminars and other academic activities 
relevant to their studies and re port students’ participation to the Committee. 14. 2 Full-time students are expected to be on campus during the academic year except for 
approved field trips/study conducted outside Hong Kong and approved leave of absence.

--- Segment 28 ---
14. 2 Full-time students are expected to be on campus during the academic year except for 
approved field trips/study conducted outside Hong Kong and approved leave of absence. The field trips and studies cond ucted outside Hong Kong shall normally be for a short  
period  of not longer than 3 months. Approval from the Head of Department and the 
Supervisor concerned shall be obtained before a student leaves for the field trip/study. For 
a period longer than 3 mon ths, approval by the Committee Chair shall be sought 
additionally. The approved study can be shown in the student’s transcript. Provision 
concerning leave of absence is given in Regulation 9. 14. 3 Part-time students are required to participate in semina rs or other academic activities of the 
University on campus at least once every 6 months after commencement of studies . 15.

--- Segment 29 ---
3 Part-time students are required to participate in semina rs or other academic activities of the 
University on campus at least once every 6 months after commencement of studies . 15. Presentation of Thesis  
 
15. 1 A candidate who wishes to be examined for the degree of MPhil/PhD shall, by agreement 
with the Superv isor, give notice to the Committee of his/her intention to present a thesis at 
least three months in advance of the intended date of presentation. The candidate shall at 
the same time indicate the title of the thesis, and submit an abstract of 200 to 500 words on 
its content for an MPhil thesis or not more than 500 English words or 800 Chinese 
characters for a PhD thesis. The notice shall be accompanied by the prescribed fee. 15. 2 A candidate may present a thesis only after the expiry of the minimum dura tion of the 
prescribed period of research. 15. 3 Where a candidate has not presented a thesis by the expiry of the maximum duration of the 
period of research, the Committee may, on the recommendation of the Supervisor, permit 
the candidate to present a the sis at a later date, stipulating the final date after which 
presentation will not be permitted.

--- Segment 30 ---
15. 3 Where a candidate has not presented a thesis by the expiry of the maximum duration of the 
period of research, the Committee may, on the recommendation of the Supervisor, permit 
the candidate to present a the sis at a later date, stipulating the final date after which 
presentation will not be permitted. This period shall not exceed 12 months. 15. 4 Having given proper notice, the candidate shall subsequently present to the  Dean of GS 
through his/her Superviso r four copies of a thesis embodying the results of the research 
undertaken  and an electronic copy of the Turnitin originality report of that thesis,  subject 
to the following expectations:  
 
(a) An MPhil thesis shall represent a worthwhile contribution to th e knowledge or 
understanding of the field of learning within which the subject of the thesis falls, while 
a PhD thesis shall represent a substantial original contribution to the knowledge or 
understanding of the field of learning within which the subject o f the thesis falls. (b) The thesis shall contain an abstract summarising the content of the thesis. (c) The thesis shall not incorporate work published by the candidate prior to his/her 
registration unless this has been approved by the Committee. (d) The thesis shall be the candidate's own account of his/her research and shall be 
accompanied by a declaration to this effect signed by the candidate. (e) The thesis must include a statement of the candidate's objectives and must 
acknowledge published or ot her sources of material which have been drawn upon in 
the preparation of the thesis and any assistance received. (f) The text of an MPhil thesis shall usually not exceed 40,000 English words or 60,000 
Chinese characters while the text of a PhD thesis shal l usually not exceed 100,000 
English words or 150,000 Chinese characters (excluding tabulated data, diagrams and 
appendices).

--- Segment 31 ---
(e) The thesis must include a statement of the candidate's objectives and must 
acknowledge published or ot her sources of material which have been drawn upon in 
the preparation of the thesis and any assistance received. (f) The text of an MPhil thesis shall usually not exceed 40,000 English words or 60,000 
Chinese characters while the text of a PhD thesis shal l usually not exceed 100,000 
English words or 150,000 Chinese characters (excluding tabulated data, diagrams and 
appendices). Any major deviation from this guideline will require the approval of the 
Committee based on a recommendation from the Supervisor. (g) The presentation of the thesis shall conform to the Regulations Governing the Format 
of Theses. 15. 5 Two hard copies and one electronic copy of the approved thesis shall become the property 
of the University. 15. 6 The copyright of the thesis is ves ted in the candidate. 15. 7 Both hard and electronic copies of the thesis will be made freely available in the 
University and the Digital Library, and the library of the attached Department, unless an 
application for restriction (provided in Sections 15.

--- Segment 32 ---
15. 7 Both hard and electronic copies of the thesis will be made freely available in the 
University and the Digital Library, and the library of the attached Department, unless an 
application for restriction (provided in Sections 15. 8 and 15. 9) is approved. 15. 8 Where a candidate or the attached Department wishes the thesis to remain confidential 
or to be on restricted access for a period of time after completion of the work, application 
for approval must be made to the Committee at th e time of giving notice of intention to 
present the thesis. In cases where the need for confidentiality or restricted access 
emerges at a subsequent stage, special application for the thesis to remain confidential or 
to be on restricted access after submis sion must be made immediately. The period 
approved shall not normally exceed two years. 15. 9 Where the Committee has granted approval to the application, the thesis shall be held on 
restricted access for a time not exceeding the approved period.

--- Segment 33 ---
15. 9 Where the Committee has granted approval to the application, the thesis shall be held on 
restricted access for a time not exceeding the approved period. 16. Appo intment of Examiners  
 
16. 1 After a candidate has given notice of intention to present a thesis, a Panel of Examiners 
shall be appointed. The Panel shall comprise:  
 
(a) A Chairman of the Panel who should be a member of staff of the University at the 
Associate P rofessor level or above and outside the candidate’s department. The 
Chairman shall be responsible for managing the examination process and shall have 
no vote in the decision on the assessment of the thesis. (b) Three other examiners: two internal and one exte rnal. The Supervisor  or 
Co-supervisor  of the candidate shall be ipso facto  one of the internal examiners. They should be at the Assistant Professor level or above, preferably at the Associate 
Professor level or above (on research -track/tenure -track appoint ment for internal 
examiners) for PhD theses.

--- Segment 34 ---
The Supervisor  or 
Co-supervisor  of the candidate shall be ipso facto  one of the internal examiners. They should be at the Assistant Professor level or above, preferably at the Associate 
Professor level or above (on research -track/tenure -track appoint ment for internal 
examiners) for PhD theses. Each of them shall have a vote in the decisi on on the 
assessment of the thesis. 16. 2 In exceptional circumstances, an emeritus professor or a visiting/honorary /adjunct  staff 
member who meets other appointment criteria can be appointed  as an internal examiner. 16. 3 The Dean  concerned in consultation with the Head of the candidate’s Department , with 
input from the Supervisor(s) of the candidate, shall make a recommendation to the 
Committee for the appointment of  the Panel of Examiners. 16. 4 The Chairman of the Panel does not need to have expertise relevant to the research work 
but shall be able to understand the discussion of examiners on the thesis. Other 
examiners should have expertise relevant to the research  work.

--- Segment 35 ---
4 The Chairman of the Panel does not need to have expertise relevant to the research work 
but shall be able to understand the discussion of examiners on the thesis. Other 
examiners should have expertise relevant to the research  work. For a PhD thesis 
examination, the external examiner should normally be expected to have expertise in the 
actual field  in which the thesis is written , while for a n MPhil thesis examination, the 
external examiner shall be expected to be familiar with the general area in which the 
thesis is located . 16. 5 Examiners other than the Supervisor must have no supervisory relationship with the 
candidate. 16. 6 An external member should be in a position to be impartial. 16. 7 The candidate’s  Supervisor or  Co-supervisor(s), if not appointed as an examiner, will be 
invited to be present throughout the oral examination. 16.

--- Segment 36 ---
7 The candidate’s  Supervisor or  Co-supervisor(s), if not appointed as an examiner, will be 
invited to be present throughout the oral examination. 16. 8 No person who is registered for a higher degree may act as an examiner. 17. Examinations  
 
17. 1 A candidate for the degree of MPhil/PhD shal l undergo an oral examination of his/her 
thesis by the Panel of Examiners. All examinations shall normally take place in Hong 
Kong. 17. 2 The Supervisor will be required to write a report on the performance of the candidate 
during his/her research studies , which may include a recommendation report for 
consideration by the Panel of Examiners. This report will be considered by the Panel of 
Examiners in conjunction with the thesis.

--- Segment 37 ---
2 The Supervisor will be required to write a report on the performance of the candidate 
during his/her research studies , which may include a recommendation report for 
consideration by the Panel of Examiners. This report will be considered by the Panel of 
Examiners in conjunction with the thesis. 17. 3 The Panel of Examiners will decide on the time and location of the exam ination, which 
will normally occur within three months of the receipt of the thesis from the Supervisor. 17. 4  The focus of the oral examination will be on:  
 
(a) the candidate's knowledge and understanding of the thesis thereby assuring the 
Examiners that the thes is is the candidate's own work;  
 
(b) the clarity and competence of the research investigations, results and conclusions; and  
 
(c) the contribution of the research to the field of knowledge. 17. 5 Additional forms of examination to the oral may be employed if the P anel of Examiners 
believes that special circumstances can justify this arrangement. In these cases the 
candidate must be given adequate notice to be able to prepare for the new form of 
examination. 17.

--- Segment 38 ---
In these cases the 
candidate must be given adequate notice to be able to prepare for the new form of 
examination. 17. 6 In the event that one of the internal examiners can not attend the examination, telephone  or 
video  conference shall be arranged where possible, or else an alternative examiner can be 
appointed by the Committee, in order to avoid any grea t delay in the process. 17. 7 In case the external examiner is from ove rseas, telephone  or video  conference shall be 
arranged where possible, or else a local academic from outside the University shall be 
appoi nted as his/her representative. 17. 8  For any special situations under which going to the examination location or ret urning to 
Hong Kong is impossible for the candidate and/or the Panel of Examiners attending the 
examination, a special request for allowing the candidate and/or the Panel of Examiners to 
attend the examination via telephone or video conference can be made with justifications 
by the Supervisor of the candidate, and with the support from the Head of Department, for 
consideration by the Committee. 18. Report of the Panel of Examiners  
 
18. 1 Having completed its examination of the thesis of the candidate, the P anel of Examiners 
shall report to the Committee.

--- Segment 39 ---
Report of the Panel of Examiners  
 
18. 1 Having completed its examination of the thesis of the candidate, the P anel of Examiners 
shall report to the Committee. The reports shall be confidential to the Committee and to 
the Senate. 18. 2 The Panel of Examiners shall confer after the examination and examiners other than the 
Chairman of the Panel shall agree on making  one of the following recommendations : 
 
 (a) that the degree of MPhil/PhD be awarded; or  
 
 (b) that the degree of MPhil/PhD be awarded subject to the candidate making minor 
amendments to the thesi s to the satisfaction of the Chairman on behalf of the Panel  
by a specified date,  normally within 2 months  for a full -time student or 3 months for 
a part -time student ; or 
 
 (c) that the  conferment of the MPhil/PhD  degree shall be subject to the candidate 
making significant amendments to the thesis to the satisfacti on of the Panel by a 
specified date, normally within 4 months  for a full -time student or 6 months for a 
part-time student , and that the candidate may be requested by the Panel to defend 
the revised thesis, if such is deemed appropriate by any of the examin ers; or 
 
 (d) that the conferment of the MPhil/PhD degree shall be subject to the candidate 
making major amendments to the thesis to the satisfaction of the Panel by a 
specified date, normally within 6 months  for a full -time student or 9 months for a 
part-time student , and that the candidate is required to defend the revised thesis; or  
 
 (e) that the degree of MPhil/PhD not be awarded but that the candidate be permitted to 
present a revised thesis and to present himself/herself for examination again within 
12 months; or  
 
 (f) for PhD examination only, that the degree of MPhil be awarded subject to the 
candidate making minor amendments to the thesis to the satisfaction of the 
Chairman on behalf of the Panel, as the thesis is below the standard expected of a 
PhD thesis but is considered to have fulfilled the standard required for an MPhil 
degree; or  
 
 (g) that the degree of MPhil/PhD not be awarded and the candidature be terminated. The Panel is not required to recommend a grade for the thesis but has the opt ion to indicate 
whether it is an outstanding thesis. 18. 3 For recommendations (b) to (d), minor amendments  refer to those related to corrections of  
wordings, improvement in presentation, clarifications on details and/or rewriting of small 
sections of the thesis; significant amendments  refer to those that require substantial further 
study such as expanding and/or further exploring some existing areas, while major 
amendments  refer to those involving structural changes to the thesis, re -analysis of data 
and/o r development of a sub stantive addition to the work. 18. 4 Each examiner (other than the Chairman of the Panel) shall submit within one week after 
the examination an individually completed thesis assessment report, giving comments on 
the thesis  and the per formance of the candidate in the examination,  and specifying the 
requisite improvements to the thesis.

--- Segment 40 ---
18. 4 Each examiner (other than the Chairman of the Panel) shall submit within one week after 
the examination an individually completed thesis assessment report, giving comments on 
the thesis  and the per formance of the candidate in the examination,  and specifying the 
requisite improvements to the thesis. 18. 5 The Chairman of the P anel shall compile a Chairman’s report after receiving a copy of 
individual assessment reports from other  examiners. The Chair man’s report must include 
a summary of the key points and major comments of other examiners on the thesis . If 
deemed necessary, the Chairman may consult members of the P anel when writing the 
report. 18. 6 For recommendations (b) to (g) above, the Chairman of the Panel shall detail the specific 
deficiencies and where appropriate specify the conditions that must be met before a 
resubmission could be made. 18. 7 In the event that there is no consensus among examiners on the recommendation to be 
made, the Chair man shall additionally give a detailed account of the discussion, including 
reasons for certain  decisions and any significant minority position, to facilitate the 
decision  by the Committee.

--- Segment 41 ---
18. 7 In the event that there is no consensus among examiners on the recommendation to be 
made, the Chair man shall additionally give a detailed account of the discussion, including 
reasons for certain  decisions and any significant minority position, to facilitate the 
decision  by the Committee. In his/her report, the Chairman shall be impartial and 
summarise t he results. 18. 8 After considering the reports of the Panel of Examiners, the Committee shall make a 
recommendation to the Senate. 18. 9 Where the Senate accepts a recommendation made under the terms of Regulation 18. 2  
(b)-(f), the Supervisor shall be re sponsible for confirming that the amendments required by 
the Panel have been made. 19. After Examination  
 
19.

--- Segment 42 ---
19. After Examination  
 
19. 1 In case a candidate cannot submit a revised thesis by the stipulated deadline, the candidate 
should submit an application with justification on the delay. The Chairman of the Panel 
shall consult other examiners and decide if the deadline for revisions can be extended. 19. 2 A revised thesis shall be assessed as satisfactorily revised or not based exclusively on 
whether the amendments in the revis ed thesis have addressed the comments/suggestions 
indicated in the examiners’ reports. 19. 3 For a thesis subject to minor amendments, the Chairman of the Panel, in consultation with 
the full Panel or any Panel members if and as appropriate (referred to i n Regulation 19. 4 
below), shall decide in the manner stipulated in Regulation 19. 2 above and indicate his/her 
decision within two weeks from the date he/she receives the revised thesis from the GS.

--- Segment 43 ---
4 
below), shall decide in the manner stipulated in Regulation 19. 2 above and indicate his/her 
decision within two weeks from the date he/she receives the revised thesis from the GS. In 
case no decision has been received by the end of the pe riod, the GS will give two more 
working days for the Chairman to either arrive at a decision or provide any views or 
concerns he/she may have on the revised thesis. If the Chairman of the Panel is unable to 
respond by the end of the extended period, the GS will refer the revised thesis to the 
examiners, including the possible further comment from the Chairman if one was 
received, for a decision by majority vote. 19. 4 For a thesis subject to minor amendments, the Chairman of the Panel shall consult with the  
Supervisor (and other examiner(s) or the full Panel if judged advisable) in relation to any 
substantive as opposed to editorial changes and confirm whether the revised thesis has 
addressed all of the comments/suggestions in the examiners’ reports satisfac torily. In case 
the decision thus reached is that the revised thesis does not satisfactorily meet the required 
amendments, the Panel of Examiners shall set a new deadline for further revisions 
indicating that the extension is final. Should the candidate fa il to submit the revised thesis 
by the extended deadline, the degree of MPhil/PhD will not be awarded and the 
candidature will be terminated. 19. 5 For a thesis subject to significant amendments without the need for the candidate  to defend 
the revised thes is, each of the examiners other than the Chairman of the Panel has to 
indicate his/her decision within four weeks from the date he/she receives the revised thesis 
from the GS.

--- Segment 44 ---
19. 5 For a thesis subject to significant amendments without the need for the candidate  to defend 
the revised thes is, each of the examiners other than the Chairman of the Panel has to 
indicate his/her decision within four weeks from the date he/she receives the revised thesis 
from the GS. In case any of the examiners ha s not indicated a decision by the end of the 
period, the GS will give two more working days for an indication. If any of the examiners 
is unable to respond by the end of the extended period, the matter will be raised with the 
Chairman of the Committee for advice on the proper action. 19. 6 For a thesis subject to significant amendments without the need for the candidate  to defend 
the revised thesis, if any of the examiners other than the Chairman of the Panel indicated 
that he/she  is not satisfied with the revised thesis, examiners other than the Chairma n shall 
make one of the following recommendations:  
 
 (a) a new and final deadline be given for further revisions; or  
 
(b) the degree of MPhil/PhD not be awarded and the candidature be terminated; or  
 
(c)  for PhD thesis only, the MPhil degree be awarded to  the candidate, as the thesis is 
below the standard expected of a PhD thesis but is considered to have fulfilled the 
standard required for an MPhil degree. 19. 7 The recommendation (b) or (c) above should be submitted to the Committee for approval. 19. 8 For a candidate whose thesis is subject to major amendments, or significant amendments 
and the candidate is required to defend the revised thesis in an examination again, upon 
receiving the revised thesis endorsed by the  Supervisor of the candidate , the GS will 
arrang e the second examination, as detailed in Regulation  20 below.

--- Segment 45 ---
19. 8 For a candidate whose thesis is subject to major amendments, or significant amendments 
and the candidate is required to defend the revised thesis in an examination again, upon 
receiving the revised thesis endorsed by the  Supervisor of the candidate , the GS will 
arrang e the second examination, as detailed in Regulation  20 below. 19. 9 Where a candidate  whose thesis is subject  to major  amendments, he/she has to register and 
pay a fee as a student on extension from the day following the date on which he/she is 
notified of the recommendation or the date on which his/her normal study period expires, 
whichever is later. 19. 10 A candidate who needs to defend his/her revised thesis in an examination is required to 
settle an examination fee. 20. Second Examination  
 
20. 1 Generally, the second examination shall be arranged the same as for the first 
examination  with major differences specified below. 20.

--- Segment 46 ---
1 Generally, the second examination shall be arranged the same as for the first 
examination  with major differences specified below. 20. 2 During the examination, the P anel of Examiners  shall focus on the amendments made in 
the revised thesis , and the ex tent to which the candidate responded to the P anel’s previous 
comments /requirements . 20. 3 The examiners other than the Chairman of the Panel shall agree on and make one of the 
following recommendations for consideration by the Committee : 
 
(a) The Panel of Exa miners is satisfied with the amendments made in the revised thesis. The Panel recommends that the degree of MPhil/PhD be awarded to the candidate. (b) The Panel of Examiners is not satisfied with the amendments made in the revised 
thesis. The Panel recommends : 
 
(i) that the degree of MPhil/PhD be awarded subject to the candidate making minor 
amendments to the thesis to the satisfaction of the Chairman on behalf of the 
Panel  by a specified date, normally within 2 months  for a full -time student or 3 
months for a par t-time student ; or 
 
(ii) for PhD examination only, that the degree of MPhil be awarded subject to the 
candidate making minor amendments to the thesis to the satisfact ion of the 
Chairman on behalf of the Panel, a s the revised thesis is below the standard 
expecte d of a PhD thesis but is considered to have fulfilled the standard required 
for an MPhil degree; or  
 
(iii) that the degree of MPhil/PhD not be awarded and the candidature be terminated. 20. 4 Each examiner (other than the Chairman) should give comments on the re vised thesis 
concerning the extent to which the candidate responded to the Panel’s previous 
comments /requirements  and on the performance of the candidate in the second 
examination,  and specify the corresponding requisite improvements to the thesis where 
appropriate.

--- Segment 47 ---
20. 4 Each examiner (other than the Chairman) should give comments on the re vised thesis 
concerning the extent to which the candidate responded to the Panel’s previous 
comments /requirements  and on the performance of the candidate in the second 
examination,  and specify the corresponding requisite improvements to the thesis where 
appropriate. 20. 5 The Chairman’s report shall include a summary of the key points and major comments 
of other examiners  concerning the extent to which the candidate responded to the 
Panel’s previous comments /requirements,  and specify major requisite improve ments to  
the thesis where appropriate, as reflected in the discussion of examiners and other 
examiners’ reports. 21. Re-examination   
 
21. 1 Where the Senate accepts a recommendation made under the terms of Regulation 18. 2  
(e), the candidate shall be permit ted to present one resubmission only. It must take place 
within 12 months of the date of the first recommendation of the Panel of Examiners. If 
further work needs to be done within the following term period  of an academic year , the 
student shall be requir ed to register and pay tuition fees for the term concerned.

--- Segment 48 ---
It must take place 
within 12 months of the date of the first recommendation of the Panel of Examiners. If 
further work needs to be done within the following term period  of an academic year , the 
student shall be requir ed to register and pay tuition fees for the term concerned. 21. 2 The arrangements and rules for the re -examination shall be as if the candidate were 
being examined for the first time, unless the Senate, on the original recommendation of 
the Committee, has  excused the candidate from a further oral examination. 21. 3 The Panel of Examiners for the re -examination shall be the same as for the first 
examination, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. 21. 4 A candidate who has failed to satisfy the Panel of Examiners in a re -examination shall 
not be permitted to present himself/herself for re -examination on a further occasion. 22. Appeals  
 
22.

--- Segment 49 ---
22. Appeals  
 
22. 1 Appeals against a recommendation of the Committee shall be made in writing to the 
Senate within 10 days of the a nnouncement of the recommendation concerned. 22. 2 Senate will be the final stage of appeal within the University. 23. Academic Dress for Graduates  
 
23. 1 Gown  
 
23. 1. 1 PhD graduates - A maroon robe with a 7.

--- Segment 50 ---
1. 1 PhD graduates - A maroon robe with a 7. 5 cm width of gold velvet facing outlined on both  
sides edged with bright gold cord braid. Bell -shaped sleeves with three stripes of gold 
velvet edged with bright gold cord braid. 23. 1. 2 MPhil graduates - A black robe with a 7. 5 cm width of red velvet facing outlined on both 
sides edged with bright sil ver cord braid. Bell -shaped sleeves with two stripes of red 
velvet edged with bright silver cord braid. 23.

--- Segment 51 ---
Bell -shaped sleeves with two stripes of red 
velvet edged with bright silver cord braid. 23. 2 Hood  
 
23. 2. 1 PhD graduates - A maroon hood of 110 cm long with red and grey silk lining throughout, 
edged with a 7. 5 cm width of velvet in gold a nd trimmed with red silk. 23. 2. 2 MPhil graduates - A black hood of 110 cm long with red and grey silk lining throughout, 
edged with a 7. 5 cm width of velvet in red and trimmed with red silk.

--- Segment 52 ---
2 MPhil graduates - A black hood of 110 cm long with red and grey silk lining throughout, 
edged with a 7. 5 cm width of velvet in red and trimmed with red silk. 23. 3 Cap 
 
23. 3. 1 PhD graduates - A round black velvet bonnet w ith a gold tassel. 23. 3. 2 MPhil graduates - A black cap of mortar -board pattern with a silver tassel. 24.

--- Segment 53 ---
2 MPhil graduates - A black cap of mortar -board pattern with a silver tassel. 24. Testimonials  
 
24. 1 A student who wishes to have a letter certifying his/her student status or attendance 
records may apply to the Registry for suc h a testimonial. 24. 2 A student who wishes to have a personal recommendation or reference letter should 
approach a teacher who knows him/her well, usually his/her Supervisor. 25. Transcripts  
 
25. 1 A student who wishes to apply for transfer or admission to another educational 
institution or for employment may apply to the Registry for an official transcript. 25.

--- Segment 54 ---
1 A student who wishes to apply for transfer or admission to another educational 
institution or for employment may apply to the Registry for an official transcript. 25. 2 An official transcript shows the relevant particulars of a student, title of his/her 
programme, grades obtained, postgraduate studentships, aca demic awards and 
disciplinary actions taken, if any. An approved study in another institution can be 
shown. 25. 3 An official transcript will be sent direct by the Registry to the institution or prospective 
employer upon the student’s request and payment of the prescribed  fees and postage. 25. 4 An official transcript is not issued to a student as a personal copy or to any private 
individual. 25. 5 Official transcripts shall not be issued to students who have not completed  at least  six 
months of study.

--- Segment 55 ---
25. 5 Official transcripts shall not be issued to students who have not completed  at least  six 
months of study. 25. 6 A student who has pursued the programme for less than six months or has unofficially 
withdrawn from the University or has unpaid accounts or obligations due to the 
University will not be issued any transcript or testimonial. 26. Academic Awards  
 
26. 1 By virtue of the Lingnan University Ordinance, Lingnan University is empowered to 
confer Degrees upon the approval of the University Senate on students who have fulfilled 
the requirements of an approved programme of study. 26. 2 Degrees are conferred at the  annual Congregation. 26.

--- Segment 56 ---
2 Degrees are conferred at the  annual Congregation. 26. 3 The certification of an academic award is in both Chinese and English and shows the full 
name of the recipient, the title of the award and the title of the study programme 
concerned. 26. 4 The certificate of award bears the sign atures of the Chairman of the Council, the President 
and the Registrar of the University, and the University seal. 26. 5 The University may withhold the conferment of an academic award to a student who has 
unpaid accounts or unreturned materials on loan du e to the University, or who has not met 
any other obligations due  to the University. 27. Exceptions  
 
 Any departures from these Regulations shall be considered as exceptions and must be 
approved by the Senate. Updated in March 2020

--- Segment 57 ---
Exceptions  
 
 Any departures from these Regulations shall be considered as exceptions and must be 
approved by the Senate. Updated in March 2020

