--- Segment 1 ---
1 
 Assessment guidelines for Lingnan University  
 
As one part of a complex system of interactions between teachers and students, assessment is 
an integral part of the educational process. Fair, transparent and effective assessment helps to 
ensure quality learning, provide evidence of the achievement of student learning outcomes, and 
discriminate between different levels of student academic performance. Striving for effective, 
consistent, fair and transparent assessment at  all levels is essential for the continuous 
improvement of the educational experience of students at Lingnan University. An outcome -based approach to teaching and learning (OBATL) is grounded in a set of  
pedagogical and institutional values and principles that articulate clearly stated “intended 
learning outcomes” (ILOs) with a set of assessment tasks (methods) for measuring them (see 
Figure  1). OBATL argues  that teaching and learning are most effective if they are based upon 
a high level of mutual awareness between teachers and students. This document outlines some well-established best practices for continu ally improving  
alignment between assessment and the intended learning outcomes in all courses and 
programmes of the University. Figure 1: Curriculum Alignment (adapted from Biggs , 1999, p 27)  
 
Curriculum alignment is a matter of learning and teaching activities, including assessment 
methods, being aligned with the intended learning outcomes. Learning and 
teaching activities  
 
 
Designed to meet 
learning outcomes  
  
 
 
  
 
Intended  
learning  
outcomes  
(ILOs)   
 
 
  
Assessment 
methods  
 
 
Designed to assess 
learning outcomes  
 
 
 
General principles for effective assessment  
 
1. These assessment guidelines are based upon the principles inherent in good teaching 
practice. They aim to ensure that  for a degree  programme  :   
 
(a) assessment tasks are aligned with its ILOs and those of the constituent courses;  
(b) its students understand in advance what is expected of them in the programme;  
(c) fairness is upheld in the administration of assignments and assessment tasks in all 
courses of the programme ; and 
(d) evidence is available for (a -c) above for the purpose of quality assurance  and 
enhancement .

--- Segment 2 ---
These assessment guidelines are based upon the principles inherent in good teaching 
practice. They aim to ensure that  for a degree  programme  :   
 
(a) assessment tasks are aligned with its ILOs and those of the constituent courses;  
(b) its students understand in advance what is expected of them in the programme;  
(c) fairness is upheld in the administration of assignments and assessment tasks in all 
courses of the programme ; and 
(d) evidence is available for (a -c) above for the purpose of quality assurance  and 
enhancement . The guidelines affirm the teacher’s academic freedom in constructing and delivering the 
course content, while recognizing that the taught curriculum is fundamental to the student 
experience and should align well with the goals of the individual programme a nd the 
University as a whole. This helps the University to justify clearly the alignments among the   
2 
 intended learning outcomes set by each programme and its constituent courses, the 
discipline -specific contents involved, and the design of assessment tasks and other 
appropriate student learning activities. Curriculum alignment implies a number of principles:  
 
1. 1. It is important that students know and understand  the criteria the teacher has set for 
grading specific assignments, and that grading adheres to those criteria . 1. 2. It follows that the marking criteria and procedures and other assessment processes  in a 
course need to be clear to teachers and students; students in particular need to be given 
sufficient and timely information about them.

--- Segment 3 ---
2. It follows that the marking criteria and procedures and other assessment processes  in a 
course need to be clear to teachers and students; students in particular need to be given 
sufficient and timely information about them. 1. 3. A liberal arts curriculum seeks to develop  students ’ graduate attributes. Students should 
be expected to evaluate, articulate and apply a wide range of high-level cognitive skills 
and values as well as subject -based knowledge. 1. 4. It follows  from 1. 3  that assessment tasks should have sufficient variety to meet the range 
of ILOs , initially at the course level and ultimately at the programme level .

--- Segment 4 ---
It follows  from 1. 3  that assessment tasks should have sufficient variety to meet the range 
of ILOs , initially at the course level and ultimately at the programme level . 1. 5. It is important  that assessment tasks adopted in a programme of study include some that 
are sufficiently demanding to demonstrate higher level cognitive skills and knowledge. 1. 6 Throughout any given course students should have opportunities to gain insights into 
their progress and how they might further improve. To that end , formative assessment 
tasks need to be followed by timely and appropriate feedback  so that students are given 
adequate time for reflection and improvement . The teacher should return works for 
all assessment tasks with feedback to students before the start of the examination 
period as far as practicable. Purpose of assessment  
 
2.

--- Segment 5 ---
The teacher should return works for 
all assessment tasks with feedback to students before the start of the examination 
period as far as practicable. Purpose of assessment  
 
2. Appropriate assessment strategies support a high quality undergraduate education. In an 
OBATL curriculum, assessment provides evidence:  
 
2. 1. for the students, about their learning progress, in order to facilitate the development of 
knowledge, skills, attitudes and values. 2. 2. for the teachers and their peers, about the particular curriculum set -up, modes of 
teaching, and the methods of assessment adopted across the programmes, in order to 
further improve  teaching  and learning  through review and evaluation; and   
 
2. 3.

--- Segment 6 ---
for the teachers and their peers, about the particular curriculum set -up, modes of 
teaching, and the methods of assessment adopted across the programmes, in order to 
further improve  teaching  and learning  through review and evaluation; and   
 
2. 3. for the University, the public and the wider community, about student attainment of 
learning outcomes, initially at the course level, then the programme, and ultimately at 
the level of a Lingnan graduate; as well as about the appropriate level of achievement 
of our graduates that is recognized by the society at large . 3 
 Assessment practices  
 
3. It is generally accepted that assessment can be both formative and summative in nature. Summative assessment focuses on  learning outcomes achieved by the end of the course , 
including higher -level outcomes . Formative assessment is generally intended to provide 
feedback to students in order to enhance their learning during the course (or, more broadly, 
over an entire programme of study). Both forms of assessment may contribute to final 
grades or marks. It fol lows from 1. 6 that significant assessment tasks that entail formative 
evaluation should be included sufficiently early in a course of study to foster students’ 
awareness of the quality of their academic work to date and their progress in achieving the 
learning outcomes.

--- Segment 7 ---
It fol lows from 1. 6 that significant assessment tasks that entail formative 
evaluation should be included sufficiently early in a course of study to foster students’ 
awareness of the quality of their academic work to date and their progress in achieving the 
learning outcomes. 4. Ideally, the a ssessment of ILOs will (a) inform the variety, timing, and evidence of student 
learning, (b) satisfy the requirements of future quality audit processes, and (c) enable 
recognition by the wider community of the value and rigour of a Lingnan degree. Assessment task s should provide opportunities for students to demonstrate a variety of 
lower - and higher -level learning outcomes , and should  yield timely and appropriate 
feedback for students and provide evidence about the extent of their achievement  of the 
ILOs . 5. The teacher may require an assessment task to be non -marks bearing, in the form of a hurdle 
or completion task. This is often intended to provide evidence of the acquisition of a specific 
(usually lower -level learning outcome) skill, process or knowledge. General principles for assessment  at Lingnan (course and programme levels)   
 
6. The significance, nature and extent of the assessment task s are a matter of judgement by the 
teacher based upon the ILOs , best teaching and assessment practices , and specific needs of 
the academic discipline.

--- Segment 8 ---
General principles for assessment  at Lingnan (course and programme levels)   
 
6. The significance, nature and extent of the assessment task s are a matter of judgement by the 
teacher based upon the ILOs , best teaching and assessment practices , and specific needs of 
the academic discipline. 6. 1. Students’ final grades may be based entirely upon summative assessment, but 
normally both summative and formative assessments will contribute to final grades. 6. 2. Team skills are an important aspect of Lingnan Graduate Attributes and group tasks 
will provide opportunities for students to demonstrate cooperation and collaboration. It is especially important that in assessing tasks undertaken by groups the teacher make 
clear the means by which the group (or individual within a group) is assessed. 6.

--- Segment 9 ---
It is especially important that in assessing tasks undertaken by groups the teacher make 
clear the means by which the group (or individual within a group) is assessed. 6. 3. Peer assessment is potentially an excellent opportunity for students to develop 
comprehensive understanding of the dynamics of teams, and is a means of judging the 
quality of their own and others’ work. Courses that include peer assessment have a 
special duty to provide sufficient resources (e. g. , rubrics, in -class discussions, 
modeling the process by the teacher, exemplars from past courses et c. ) for students to 
undertake this process in a fair and scholarly manner. 6. 4.

--- Segment 10 ---
6. 4. Not all programme level learning outcomes need to be assessed in each course. 7. At the programme level , assessment task s may be expected to span a wide range of learning 
outcomes. 4 
  
7. 1. Students should be made aware of how the learning outcomes and assessment tasks in 
any given course align with programme level learning outcomes. 7. 2.

--- Segment 11 ---
7. 2. The Programme and Curriculum Committee (PCC) /Undergraduate Business 
Programmes Committee  (UBPC) /Departmental Board (DB) is the platform where the 
programme faculty as a collective body review the extent to which various assessments 
are aligned with the programme goals. 7. 3. The PCC /UBPC /DB collects and shares relevant information about assessment with 
the individual teachers and evaluates how the programme goals and learning outcomes 
have been achieved . This may also be done in conjunction with scheduled Programme 
Reviews. 7. 4. One implication of the broad -based Liberal Arts curriculum experienced by students 
is that it may not be possible to address all Lingnan Graduate Attributes in an 
individual programme.

--- Segment 12 ---
4. One implication of the broad -based Liberal Arts curriculum experienced by students 
is that it may not be possible to address all Lingnan Graduate Attributes in an 
individual programme. The PCC/ UBPC/ DB should be cognizant of the gaps (if any) 
between the programme level ILOs and the Lingnan  Graduate Attributes , and inform 
teaching staff accordingly . Marking and grading  
 
8. The key principles of fairness , awareness  and transparency  imply that marking and grading 
must be as equitable as possible, particularly in multi -section courses. Some assessment 
strategies that can help teachers achieve these goals include:  
 
8. 1. The m arking criteria of an assignment or assignment category should be made explicit 
to students in a timely fashion and linked to  the ILOs . 8. 2.

--- Segment 13 ---
8. 2. The implementation by the programme of procedures  to ensure comparability of 
grading across sections of the same course (e. g. , double marking of a set of sample 
scripts from each grade level, or marking of a certain part of an assessment task by a 
single teacher, etc. ). These are  especially important when multiple teachers are 
involved in grading across multiple sections. 8. 3. The archiving of marking criteria  and sample scripts for:  
8.

--- Segment 14 ---
3. The archiving of marking criteria  and sample scripts for:  
8. 3. 1. scheduled course and programme reviews;  
8. 3. 2. scrutiny by external reviewers if requested/ required; and  
8. 3. 3.

--- Segment 15 ---
3. 3. future reference and mentoring of new staff , and as exemplars for students. 9. Assessment tasks that are weighted relatively more heavily should be designed to provide 
opportunities for students to demonstrate that they can perform at optimum level s. 10. Care should be taken to ensure that the descriptors provided for assessing student 
achievement of learning outcomes are sufficiently comprehensive to discriminate student 
performance across a range of levels. 5 
 Programme and course outlines, and assessment descriptors  
 
11. As a programme moves to align its assessment tasks with its ILOs, it is good practice for : 
 
11. 1.

--- Segment 16 ---
As a programme moves to align its assessment tasks with its ILOs, it is good practice for : 
 
11. 1. assessment goals across all its courses to be made available to students using multiple 
platforms (e. g. , handbooks, the University intr anet); 
 
11. 2. each programme to include a statement of programme -level learning outcomes  
linked to the Lingnan Graduate attribute s in each programme description ; 
 
11. 3. course instructors to provide students with information on how the specific 
assessment tasks (e. g.

--- Segment 17 ---
course instructors to provide students with information on how the specific 
assessment tasks (e. g. , classroom discussions, attendance, online forums, quizzes, 
mid-term, end-of-term examination, term paper, group work, artifacts , etc. ) relate to 
course -level and programme -level learning outcomes ;  
11. 3. 1. except for purely fact -based assessment tasks, marking criteria should be 
given to students in advance and documented. In the case of multi -sectional 
courses, the criteria should be consistent across sections ; 
11. 3. 2.

--- Segment 18 ---
3. 2. the link between the assessment tasks and the ILOs should be  indicated to the 
students  and should be document ed for the purpose of quality assurance  and 
enhancement ; 
11. 3. 3. major changes would normally not be made to the  assessment tasks after the 
commencement of a course, and minor  changes would be made in 
consultation with the students, and would be recorded ; and 
11. 3. 4. major changes to the suite of assessment task s for a course should be 
approved by the PCC /UBPC /DB. 11.

--- Segment 19 ---
major changes to the suite of assessment task s for a course should be 
approved by the PCC /UBPC /DB. 11. 4. the grading/marking procedures for individual contributors to group projects to be 
specified clearly so as to allow the instructor to allocate grades fairly based on the 
contribution each student has made to the final product. Academic integrity  
 
12. The presentation of another person's work without proper acknowledgement of the source, 
including exact phrases, or summarised ideas, or even footnotes/citations, whether 
protected by copyright or  not, as the student's own work  is deemed as plagiarism, and 
students should be made aware of the policies of the University and the resultant action. 12. 1. Teachers are strongly advised to inform/remind all students (particularly in the early 
stages of university life) as to the penalties for plagiarism and other forms of academic 
misconduct . It is important that there is a common understanding by all teachers in a 
programme as to the actions that will result if academic misconduct  is shown to have 
occurred, and that these actions follow University policy.

--- Segment 20 ---
Teachers are strongly advised to inform/remind all students (particularly in the early 
stages of university life) as to the penalties for plagiarism and other forms of academic 
misconduct . It is important that there is a common understanding by all teachers in a 
programme as to the actions that will result if academic misconduct  is shown to have 
occurred, and that these actions follow University policy. 12. 2. It is mandatory to use Turnitin, an anti plagiarism tool, to check all wr itten assignments 
(written in Chinese or English) for all courses. 6 
 Appendix 1 provides a simple checklist to assist the development of a more coherent assessment 
framework in programmes. (Approved  by the AQAC on 10 February 2012)  
 
Revi sions  in March  2017   
7 
 Guidelines for a holistic approach to assessment within programmes  
 
Programme s may wish to adopt some version of th e checklist  below for their own internal 
purposes . Possible items for consideration  
1 Are the course assessment schemes developed in sufficient time to inform students 
at the beginning of term, and they available via the inter - or intranet ? 2 Are the course assessment schemes integrated with the programme -level 
assessment scheme, and is such information made available to teachers and 
students via the inter - or intranet ? 3 Are assessment rubrics and criteria shared with all departmental colleagues, 
particularly when there is more than one teacher teaching a course ?

--- Segment 21 ---
2 Are the course assessment schemes integrated with the programme -level 
assessment scheme, and is such information made available to teachers and 
students via the inter - or intranet ? 3 Are assessment rubrics and criteria shared with all departmental colleagues, 
particularly when there is more than one teacher teaching a course ? 4 Are student guidelines, suitable for the core discipline(s), on how to avoid 
plagiarism developed and consistently applied ? 5 Is there a  programme -wide policy on how marks will be moderated, if required ? 6 Is there a  programme -wide policy on the grading of group projects ? 7 In courses with more than one section taught by different teachers , is there a 
process to ensure comparability across the different sections and a means by which 
sample scripts are double marked to ensure grade consistency and fairness? 8 Have the criteria for grades in the core discipline(s) been clearly defined, and is 
there a process to ensure that staff have the opportunity to reach consensus? 9 Is there a programme -wide policy regarding the nature and timing of student 
feedback? 10 If peer assessment is required in a particular course, are there resources to assist 
students and staff (e. g.

--- Segment 22 ---
10 If peer assessment is required in a particular course, are there resources to assist 
students and staff (e. g. , peer assessment instruments) in this process? /ay/Assessment guidelines for LU. doc/usb  Appendix 1

