--- Segment 1 ---
1 
 Lingnan University  
 
Best Practices for Ethical and Responsible Use of 
Generative Artificial Intelligence ( GAI) Tools in  
Course Assessments  
1. Introduction  
To enhance the overall learning experience for our students, Lingnan University has decided 
to allow the use of ChatGPT and other GAI tools from the 2023 -24 academic year. However, 
users should use these tools responsibly and ethically, and  fully understand their potential and 
limitations. Upholding academic integrity is of utmost importance to all students. This 
document outlines the principles, practices, and actions that teaching staff  and students need to 
be aware of /take regarding the implications of u sing GAI tools in course assessments. Students 
are encouraged to consult  with their teaching staff  if they have any questions. 2. Academic  Integrity  
Students  are reminded  that the University ’s examination  and coursework  regulations  apply  to 
all of their submitted work. Lingnan University has a clear policy  on plagiarism under 
Academic Integrity. Below are the relevant  academic regulations of the University:  
 
•  Regulations Governing Undergraduate (UG) Studies  (for UG students  only)  
•  Regulations Governing Research Postgraduate (RPg) Studies  (for RPg students  only)  
•  Regulations Governing Taught Doctoral/Master’s Degree Programmes  (for TPg 
students  only)  
•  Regulations Governing University Examinations and Course Work  
•  Regulations Governing Discipline of  Students  
 
You may also refer to Chapters 3 -4 of the  Academic Quality Assurance (AQA) Manual  for 
details.

--- Segment 2 ---
Lingnan University has a clear policy  on plagiarism under 
Academic Integrity. Below are the relevant  academic regulations of the University:  
 
•  Regulations Governing Undergraduate (UG) Studies  (for UG students  only)  
•  Regulations Governing Research Postgraduate (RPg) Studies  (for RPg students  only)  
•  Regulations Governing Taught Doctoral/Master’s Degree Programmes  (for TPg 
students  only)  
•  Regulations Governing University Examinations and Course Work  
•  Regulations Governing Discipline of  Students  
 
You may also refer to Chapters 3 -4 of the  Academic Quality Assurance (AQA) Manual  for 
details. 3. General Principle on How GAI Tools Should be Used in Each  Course  
To ensure consistency and to help students understand the course requirements, the respective 
teaching staff  is responsible for informing students  at the beginning of each term  of the course 
assessment requiremen ts and which assignment s may not use GAI tools. Students are allowed 
to use these tools . Teaching staff has the discretion with Department and Programme’s 
endorsement not to allow students to use these tools , which  depend on the nature and the 
objectives of the course assessment tasks  and other reasons. . The general principle is as follows:  
 
 Types of Assessment  General Principle  
Course  Assignment  and 
Assessment (Open book)  Unless otherwise specified by the teaching staff , GAI  
tools are allowed to be used by students. Course Assessment (Closed 
book) & Final Examination  
(Closed book)  Unless otherwise specified by teaching staff, GAI tools are 
allowed  to be used by students. 4.

--- Segment 3 ---
Course Assessment (Closed 
book) & Final Examination  
(Closed book)  Unless otherwise specified by teaching staff, GAI tools are 
allowed  to be used by students. 4. Declaration  
Students should declare  their use of GAI tools and reflect on the process. Students should 
indicate which GAI  tools  they have used  and explain  how the materials  generated  have  been  
incorporated  into their submitted work. Submitted assessments should include the declaration  
(shown below)  (Monash  University, n. d. ). Suggested format  Example  
I acknowledge the use of [1. insert 
GAI system(s) and link] to [2. specific  use of GAI].

--- Segment 4 ---
insert 
GAI system(s) and link] to [2. specific  use of GAI]. I entered the 
following prompts: [3. a list of 
prompts]. The output from the GAI 
was [4. An e xplanation of  use]. I acknowledge the use of [1] ChatGPT 
(https://chatgpt. ln. edu. hk/ ) to [2] generate the 
research  information  for this assessment.

--- Segment 5 ---
edu. hk/ ) to [2] generate the 
research  information  for this assessment. I entered 
the following prompts: [3] “Write a 50 -word 
academic summary of Lingnan University using 
an academic style with references and in -text 
citations. ”  The output  from  the GAI was 
[4] adapted and modified for the final response. 5. How to Cite GAI Tools   
Students should check their course assessment requirements to see whether an additional 
citation and referenc ing of the generated material is required. They should also reference the 
GAI-generated  materials  in their work  using  accepted  academic  conventions  (e. g. preferably 
APA or Harvard style,  etc. ).

--- Segment 6 ---
preferably 
APA or Harvard style,  etc. ). Students may refer to the following webpage for details:  
 
• APA style  https://apastyle. apa. org/blog/how -to-cite-chatgpt  
• MLA style  https://style. mla. org/citing -generative -ai/ 
• Harvard  style  
 https:/ /www. c itewrite. qut. edu.

--- Segment 7 ---
qut. edu. au/cite/examples/harvard/harvard_internet_ai. html  
• Others  https://www. library. ln. edu. hk/en/research/publish/citation  
 
 
 6. Actions for Academic  Units  
Academic units should regularly review their course assessment requirements in order to 
maximi se the benefits of using GAI tools in teaching and learning , and revi se assessment 
requirements accordingly. Academic units should also ensure that the teaching staff  explain the 
course assessment requirements at the beginning of each term.

--- Segment 8 ---
Actions for Academic  Units  
Academic units should regularly review their course assessment requirements in order to 
maximi se the benefits of using GAI tools in teaching and learning , and revi se assessment 
requirements accordingly. Academic units should also ensure that the teaching staff  explain the 
course assessment requirements at the beginning of each term. 7. Equitable  Access  
Teaching staff  are responsible for ensuring  that all students have access to the designated GAI 
tool (e. g. Poe, ChatGPT, etc. ) if they specify  its use. 8. Other Ethical  Considerations  
• Transparency and informed consent. Students can choose not to use GAI tools if they have 
concerns about data privacy or are uncomfortable  with GAI-generated  elements.

--- Segment 9 ---
Other Ethical  Considerations  
• Transparency and informed consent. Students can choose not to use GAI tools if they have 
concerns about data privacy or are uncomfortable  with GAI-generated  elements. • Data privacy and protection. Secure  platforms  should  be used to conduct assessments and 
adher e to appropriate privacy  and data protection  protocols. Student  data used by GAI 
algorithms should be anonymi sed and not associated with specific individuals. Student  data 
should be stored and managed in accordance with best practices to prevent unauthorised access, 
data breaches, and  misuse. • Fairness and avoiding biases. Academic units should regularly monitor and evaluat e GAI-
generated  content to ensure its accuracy and quality. Adjustments should also be made to ensure 
that students  do not experienc e unfair advantages or disadvantages as a result of the use of GAI 
tools (Goode,  2019). • Continuous professional development.

--- Segment 10 ---
Adjustments should also be made to ensure 
that students  do not experienc e unfair advantages or disadvantages as a result of the use of GAI 
tools (Goode,  2019). • Continuous professional development. It is essential for academics to keep abreast of  the 
latest developments in GAI technology, ethical considerations, and responsible assessment 
practices. Participation  in workshops,  seminars,  or training  programmes  focus ed on the ethical 
and responsible use of GAI tools in education is encouraged for Heads  of 
Departments/Programme Directors and teaching staff  (Ali et al. , 2021). Regular review and revision of the above document will be conducted to keep pace with the 
accelerated growth of GAI, technological advances, and the overall student learning 
experience. Updated  in October 2024  
 
 
 
 References:  
 
Ali, M. , Bountouridis, D. , Clark, J. , et al.

--- Segment 11 ---
, Clark, J. , et al. (2021). Ethical Guidelines for Educational AI 
Sourcing and Deployment . UNESCO . Goode, J. (2019). JHU Guidelines and Best Practices for AI -Enabled Online Education . Johns 
Hopkins University . Lingnan U niversity  (n.

--- Segment 12 ---
Johns 
Hopkins University . Lingnan U niversity  (n. d. ) . Assessment guidelines for Lingnan University (Section 12) . Retrieved from: https://www. ln. edu. hk/reg/f/page/40807/313170/assgud. pdf  
Monash U niversity (n.

--- Segment 13 ---
hk/reg/f/page/40807/313170/assgud. pdf  
Monash U niversity (n. d . ) Policy and practice guidance around acceptable and  responsible 
use of  AI Technologies . Retrieved from:  
 https://www. monash. edu/learning -teaching/teachhq/Teaching -practices/artificial - 
 intelligence/policy -and-practice -guidance -around -acceptable -and-responsible -use-of- 
ai-technologies#tabs  3254796 -01 
UNESCO (2020). Artificial Intelligence in Education: Guidance for Policy -Makers . United 
Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization .

--- Segment 14 ---
United 
Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization .

