--- Segment 1 ---
1 
 ACADEMIC REGULATIONS FOR UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMMES  
 
Regulations Governing Undergraduate Studies (for 2020- 21 or later Year 1 Intakes, 2021- 22 
or later Year 2 Intakes and 2022- 23 or later Senior Year Intakes)  
 1. Rules and Regulations  
 1. 1 Students are required to comply with all the rules and regulations stipulated by the 
University. 1. 2 The University may from time to time make new rules and regulations or make amendments to existing rules and regulations. The Registrar will promulgate new rules and regulations and amendments to them by notices. Updated regulations should be regarded as  the final 
authority. 1. 3 Exemptions from the regulations, which may be made in exceptional cases or under special circumstances, are subject to approval by the Senate. 2.

--- Segment 2 ---
3 Exemptions from the regulations, which may be made in exceptional cases or under special circumstances, are subject to approval by the Senate. 2. The Academic Year  
  The University academic year starts at the beginning of September and ends at the end of August in the following calendar year. The academic year consists of two terms, each covering approximately 15 weeks of academic activities, and where appropriate there may be an intensive summer term usually of a shorter duration. 3. Admission of Students  
 3. 1 The admission of a student to the University is based on suitability and other factors which individual programmes consider relevant. There should be no discrimination on the grounds of sex, age, race, religion, ethnic origin, disabilities or special edu cational needs. 3. 2 The Senate will determine the entrance requirements and equivalent qualifications for individual programmes and admission procedures.

--- Segment 3 ---
3. 2 The Senate will determine the entrance requirements and equivalent qualifications for individual programmes and admission procedures. Within University policy guidelines, programmes should have autonomy in admitting their students as long as they fulfil the relevant entrance requirements. 4. Student Classification  
 4. 1 Each student will be designated as a Year 1, Year 2, Year 3 or Year 4 student based on the number of credits obtained including those granted through credit transfer. 4. 2 A student (except for a transfer student referred to in Regulations 4. 3- 4. 5 below) who has 
obtained 30 credits, 60 credits or 90 credits or above will be designated respectively as a Year 2, Year 3 or Year 4 student in the following term.

--- Segment 4 ---
3- 4. 5 below) who has 
obtained 30 credits, 60 credits or 90 credits or above will be designated respectively as a Year 2, Year 3 or Year 4 student in the following term. 4. 3 A transfer student who is granted 21 credits or above by credit transfer will be designated as a Year 2 student upon admission. The transfer student will be designated respectively as a Year 3 or a Year 4 student in the following term when he/she has obta ined 54 credits or 
87 credits or above. 4. 4 Notwithstanding Regulation 4. 3 above, a transfer student who has completed Year 1 of a local two -year sub -degree (such as associate degree or higher diploma) programme 
accredited and recognised as a Level 4 qualification of the Qualifications Framework may be admitted as a special case and will be designated as a Year 2 student upon admission. Appendix B  
 
2 
 This kind of year designation does not reflect the number of credits the student earned for 
fulfillment of curriculum requirements, and the expected duration before he/she can graduate. The actual number of transfer credits to be granted for fulfillment of  curriculum 
requirements will follow Regulation 9.

--- Segment 5 ---
Appendix B  
 
2 
 This kind of year designation does not reflect the number of credits the student earned for 
fulfillment of curriculum requirements, and the expected duration before he/she can graduate. The actual number of transfer credits to be granted for fulfillment of  curriculum 
requirements will follow Regulation 9. The student will be designated as a Year 3 or a Year 4 student in the following term when he/she has obtained 54 credits or 87 credits or above, including those granted through credit transfer. 4. 5 A transfer student who is granted 54 credits or above by credit transfer will be designated 
as a Year 3 student upon admission. From 2016 -17 intake, exceptional approval can be 
granted for a transfer student who is granted 51 credits be designated as a Ye ar 3 student 
upon admission. The Programme Director/Department Head concerned in consultation with 
the Dean
 concerned may present a case with justifications to the Chairman of the 
Undergraduate Admissions Committee for consideration and approval. The tr ansfer student 
will be designated as a Year 4 student in the following term when he/she has obtained 87 credits or above. 4. 6 To qualify for full -time status, a student is required to take at least 12 credits in any one 
term.

--- Segment 6 ---
4. 6 To qualify for full -time status, a student is required to take at least 12 credits in any one 
term. A part -time student will take no more than 11 credits in a term. 4. 7 Unless otherwise approved, a student must register as a full -time student when first admitted 
by the University. 5. Registration  
 5. 1 An applicant who has been offered admission to an approved programme of study is required to register with the Registry on a specified date and is considered to have been admitted to such programme on the date of his/her first registration. Thereafter, t he student 
should register on the specified date before the beginning of each subsequent term until he/she graduates. 5.

--- Segment 7 ---
Thereafter, t he student 
should register on the specified date before the beginning of each subsequent term until he/she graduates. 5. 2 Registration includes payment of the fees due and enrolment of courses/sections. An applicant who fails to pay the prescribed fees or register on the relevant specified dates is considered as having forgone his/her place offered by the University. A student who wishes to continue his/her study at the University but fails to pay the prescribed fees after a lapse of ten days or fails to register before the last day for registration is considered as having 
withdrawn from studies at the University. 5. 3 An applicant or a student is deemed to have been registered only after he/she has completed the registration procedure for the term concerned. 5. 4 A student who wishes to change from full -time to part- time or vice versa  is required to 
notify the Registry of the change and number of credits he/she intends to enrol  in the next 
term by a date specified by the Registry. 5.

--- Segment 8 ---
4 A student who wishes to change from full -time to part- time or vice versa  is required to 
notify the Registry of the change and number of credits he/she intends to enrol  in the next 
term by a date specified by the Registry. 5. 5 A student is required to pay the prescribed amount of tuition fee and all other relevant fees. 5. 6 A student who for special reasons seeks permission for deferment of his/her registration may apply in writing to the Registrar at least one week before the specified date for registration. A fee for late registration will be charged but no student is all owed to register 
after the last day for registration stipulated in the University Calendar. 5. 7 Students must follow registration procedures and any special instructions issued by the Registrar. They should familiarise themselves with the University regulations and the curricular structure of their programmes. They must pay particular attention to course and 
3 
 credit requirements, prerequisites for courses, normal study loads, and graduation 
requirements.

--- Segment 9 ---
They should familiarise themselves with the University regulations and the curricular structure of their programmes. They must pay particular attention to course and 
3 
 credit requirements, prerequisites for courses, normal study loads, and graduation 
requirements. 5. 8 Each student is required to meet in person with his/her academic adviser to consult him/her on his/her programme of studies at least once a term, including one meeting before the specific course registration session, if any. If a student is on overseas/Ma inland exchange 
studies, he/she is required to seek advice from his/her academic adviser through other means. For other exceptional circumstances under which a student is unable to meet the academic 
adviser in person, approval has to be sought from the Pr ogramme Director or Head of 
Department concerned for other arrangements. For a student approved to take double 
Majors, in addition to the academic adviser of the first Major, he/she is required to meet the academic adviser of the second Major. 5. 9 Credits will not be granted for any course in which a student has not formally enrolled. Any information entered into the student record system through a student’s login account is recognised as input by the student.

--- Segment 10 ---
9 Credits will not be granted for any course in which a student has not formally enrolled. Any information entered into the student record system through a student’s login account is recognised as input by the student. A student shall keep confidential us e of his/her student 
account and password. 5. 10 Upon first registration, each student is issued with a Student Identity Card free of charge. A fee will be charged for each replacement card. The student should take good care of the card and present it to staff for inspection as and when necessary. 5. 11 A full -time student of the University is not allowed to pursue simultaneously any 
programme at any tertiary institution. A student in breach of this regulation is subject to having his/her studies at the University discontinued.

--- Segment 11 ---
11 A full -time student of the University is not allowed to pursue simultaneously any 
programme at any tertiary institution. A student in breach of this regulation is subject to having his/her studies at the University discontinued. In case a student wishes  to take a 
course offered by another tertiary institution, prior approval by the Programme Director/Head of Department of his/her study programme
 should be obtained. 5. 12 A full -time student should not take up any full -time employment, paid or unpaid, during the 
term. 6. Course Requirements  
 6. 1 A student is required to register for a study programme and a Major programme
(Note 1) and 
in addition may register for one or two Minor programme(s). The requirements for a study programme and a Minor programme are specified in the curriculum concerned. 6.

--- Segment 12 ---
The requirements for a study programme and a Minor programme are specified in the curriculum concerned. 6. 2  A student with good academic achievements may register for another Major programme
(Note 
2) upon approval by the Programme Directors/Heads of Academic Units of both the first and 
the second Majors. BBA students should not be allowed to register for two Major(s) under 
 
Note 1   Study programmes are designed in accordance with the undergraduate programme framework that requires   
      completion of courses of 120 or more credits. Examples of study programme s are Bachelor of Arts  (BA) in  
      Chinese, BA in Global Liberal Arts , Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), BBA -  Risk and  
      Insurance Management , Bachelor of Liberal Arts in Global Development and Sustainability, LEO Dr  
      David P. Chan  Bachelor of Science (BSc) in Data Science, and Bachelor of Social Sciences (BSocSc). Majors consist of courses in the major disciplines in respective study programmes. Examples of Majors are  
      Chinese, Global Liberal Arts, Global Development and Sustainability,  Marketing, Risk and Insurance  
      Management, Data Science, Economics, Psychology, “Social and Public Policy Studies”. Note 2   Any Major  programmes  could be taken as a  second Major except otherwise specified by the academic unit 
concerned. Each Major  programme  consists of 48 or more credits .

--- Segment 13 ---
Note 2   Any Major  programmes  could be taken as a  second Major except otherwise specified by the academic unit 
concerned. Each Major  programme  consists of 48 or more credits . To attain a  second  Major under the 
BBA/BSocSc programme, a student has to complete foundation, functional and research project/capstone 
courses specified in the curriculum, in addition to the courses specific for the Major  programme . Nonetheless, 
for BSocSc students allowed to register for two Majors in the BSocSc programme, they are allowed to double 
count the foundation and capstone courses required for all students on the BSocSc programme and these are 
not counted in the maximum n umber of credits for double counting. 4 
 the same study programme. The student shall have achieved a Cumulative G. P. A. of 3. 0 or 
above by the time when the application is made.

--- Segment 14 ---
of 3. 0 or 
above by the time when the application is made. The application can be made during the 
second year of study. The student approved to register for double Majors may need to study for more than 4 years in order to fulfill the requirements for attaining double Majors. 6. 3 For a student approved to take double Majors, the maximum number of credits for double counting to fulfil two categories of requirements among First Major, Second Major, Core Curriculum Cluster and free electives, is 27. Additional credits for double counting could 
be granted to these students upon approval by the Programme Directors/Heads of Academic 
Units of the first and second Majors on a case -by-case basis. The number of courses to be 
double counted between Core Curriculum Cluster courses and each Major is limited to two. 6. 4 The registration for a Minor programme should be done by the end of the add/drop period in the first term of his/her final year of study.

--- Segment 15 ---
6. 4 The registration for a Minor programme should be done by the end of the add/drop period in the first term of his/her final year of study. Normally a Minor programme requires students to take 15 credits of courses. A Minor programme can require more than  15 credits 
of course if justified and approved. A student may use the credits assigned for free electives in the curriculum of his/her registered programme of studies to take courses leading to a Minor programme. Double counting of course credits by using free electives leading to fulfillment of requirements for a Minor programme is allowed. The number of courses to be double counted between Core Curriculum Cluster courses and each Minor is limited to two. 6. 5 A student is required to complete before graduation the University- wide required courses 
including Core Curriculum
(Note 3 ), English and Chinese languages, as specified in the 
curriculum of his/her study programme. In addition, a student is required to fulfil the requirements of the Integrated Learning Programme and Service -Learning before 
graduation.

--- Segment 16 ---
5 A student is required to complete before graduation the University- wide required courses 
including Core Curriculum
(Note 3 ), English and Chinese languages, as specified in the 
curriculum of his/her study programme. In addition, a student is required to fulfil the requirements of the Integrated Learning Programme and Service -Learning before 
graduation. 6. 6 A student should take courses specified in the curriculum concerned unless written approval of an alternative curriculum has been granted by the Programme Director/Head of the Academic Unit concerned /Director of Core Curriculum. 6. 7 No double counting of course credits for meeting curriculum requirements is allowed except 
for those specified in Regulations 6. 3 and 6. 4 above. 6. 8 If there is a prerequisite for a course, a student must meet it before taking the course 
concerned.

--- Segment 17 ---
6. 8 If there is a prerequisite for a course, a student must meet it before taking the course 
concerned. 6. 9 If there is a co -requisite for a course, a student must take both courses in the same term. 6. 10 If a course has another course as an exclusion under the situation when the two courses 
overlap significantly in content, a student is allowed to enrol only in one of the two courses 
during his/her period of study, unless he/she fails any one. Should the  course be a required 
course in his/her Major or Minor programme, he/she is not allowed to enrol in the other course except otherwise approved as a substitute for the required course as prescribed by 
Regulation 15. 6. 6. 11 A student must take his/her own responsibility in ensuring that he/she meets the 
requirements specified in Regulations 6.

--- Segment 18 ---
6. 11 A student must take his/her own responsibility in ensuring that he/she meets the 
requirements specified in Regulations 6. 8, 6. 9 and 6. 10 unless such are waived at the 
 
Note 3  Students are assigned to take CCC8011 Critical Thinking: Analysis and Argumentation,  CCC8012 The  
    Making of Hong Kong and CCC8015 Generative Artificial Intelligence  (applicable from 2024- 25 Year 1  
    and 2026- 27 Senior Year intake)  in the first year, and CCC8013 The Process of Science and CCC8014   
    China in World History in the second year (or the third year for those designated as Year 3 students upon  
    admission). 5 
 discretion of the Programme Director/Head of the Academic Unit concerned under 
exceptional circumstances. The student alone will be responsible for any consequences if he/she chooses to take a course contravening the requirements specified in Regulations 6. 8, 6. 9 and 6. 10 without special approval.

--- Segment 19 ---
9 and 6. 10 without special approval. 7. Change of Personal Particulars  
 
7. 1 A student should retain the full name(s) entered on his/her Hong Kong Identity Card or 
Passport. Under special circumstances, however, a student may obtain from the Registry an application form for changing personal particulars, complete and return it to the Registry, 
together with necessary supporting documents. 7. 2 A student should inform the Registry immediately of any change of address or other 
particulars. 8. Normal Study Load  
 8.

--- Segment 20 ---
8. Normal Study Load  
 8. 1 A student is required to take 120 or more credits of courses as stipulated in the student's programme curriculum before graduation. 8. 2 The normal study load of a full -time first year student should be 15 in a term and the 
maximum study load should be 30 credits in an academic year. Nevertheless, the Programme Director/Head of Department concerned can grant instant approval to a student to exceed the maximum study limit by 1 credit. Moreover, a first year student who has failed 
course(s) may take extra credits to make up the number of credits of the failed course(s) in the summer term in the first year with special approval from the Pro gramme Director/Head 
of Department concerned. The extra credits shall be limited to six and will not be counted in the maximum study load of the following year. 8. 3 The normal study load of a second year or above full -time student in a term should be in the 
range of 15 to 18 credits and the maximum study load in an academic year should be 33 credits.

--- Segment 21 ---
8. 3 The normal study load of a second year or above full -time student in a term should be in the 
range of 15 to 18 credits and the maximum study load in an academic year should be 33 credits. The maximum study load for a second year or above full -time student approved to 
take double Majors is 36 credits in an academic year. Nevertheless, the Programme Director/Head of Department concerned can grant instant approval to students to exceed the maximum study limit by 1 credit. In exceptional circumstances, approva l can be granted by 
the Programme Director/Head of Department concerned for a student to take an extra course of 3 credits in excess of the maximum study load in an academic year upon recommendation of the academic adviser concerned. 8. 4 A final year student who is not on academic probation may take a maximum study load of 39 credits in the academic year concerned, 18 credits in the first term and 21 credits in the second term, subject to the approval by the Programme Director/Head of Department concerned upon recommendation of the academic adviser concerned. Exceptions to the maximum study load in the first term can, however, be granted by the Programme Director/Head of Department concerned on a case- by-case basis with a view to facilitating 
the student concerned to graduate not beyond the normal study period. 8. 5 A part -time student will take no more than 11 credits in a term.

--- Segment 22 ---
8. 5 A part -time student will take no more than 11 credits in a term. 8. 6 A student can take optional summer term courses, and the maximum study load in a summer term is two courses or six credits. Credits of courses taken in summer term(s), if any, are counted in the maximum study load for the academic year or in the next academic year as appropriate. 6 
 8. 7 In exceptional circumstances, approval can be granted by the Programme Director/Head of 
Department for a student to take up to two courses in a summer term with payment upon recommendation of the academic adviser concerned. Notwithstanding Regulation 8. 6, credits of paid courses in summer term(s), if any, will not be counted in the maximum study load for the academic year or in the next academic year. 9.

--- Segment 23 ---
6, credits of paid courses in summer term(s), if any, will not be counted in the maximum study load for the academic year or in the next academic year. 9. Credit Transfer and Course Exemption  
 
9. 1 A student who has passed public, professional, or other examinations/tests recognised by 
the University or has successfully completed a course at an appropriate level offered by the University or another tertiary institution may apply for credit transfer/ course exemption. 9. 2 Normally, a student may not be granted credit transfer/course exemption for more than 50% of the required number of credits for the academic award or the Minor programme. The limit does not include credit transfer or course exemption associated with approved student exchange programmes. 9. 3 For Core Curriculum courses, credit transfer/course exemption shall be limited to two common core courses and a maximum of 15 credits of cluster courses, except otherwise specified under Regulation 9. 4.

--- Segment 24 ---
3 For Core Curriculum courses, credit transfer/course exemption shall be limited to two common core courses and a maximum of 15 credits of cluster courses, except otherwise specified under Regulation 9. 4. 2 below. Such limit shall apply to approved exchange  
programmes, notwithstanding Regulation 9. 2 above, but exceptions to the limits may be granted by the Director of Core Curriculum on a case -by-case basis. 9. 4 Block Credit Transfer for Graduates from Local Sub- degree Programmes Accredited with 
Level 4 of the Qualifications Framework for Senior Year Entry  
 
9. 4. 1 Block credit transfer will be granted to an eligible sub- degree, viz. Associate Degree and 
Higher Diploma, graduate who is designated as a Year 3 student upon admission, as 
prescribed in Regulation 9.

--- Segment 25 ---
1 Block credit transfer will be granted to an eligible sub- degree, viz. Associate Degree and 
Higher Diploma, graduate who is designated as a Year 3 student upon admission, as 
prescribed in Regulation 9. 4. 2. 9. 4. 2 Effective for 2020- 21 intake, block credit transfer of 54* credits will be granted with details 
as follows:  
 
(a) 21 credits of the Core Curriculum comprising 6 credits in the Common Core (CCC8011 
Critical Thinking: Analysis and Argumentation and CCC8012 The Making of Hong 
Kong) and 15 credits in the cluster courses;  
 
(b) 3 credits of Chinese language course (normally LCC1010 Chinese Communication I);  
 
(c) 3 credits of English language course (normally LUE1001 University English I); and  
 
(d) 27* credits of free electives. * For admittees to the BBA Accounting Stream and BBA -Risk and Insurance Management 
programmes, as they are required to take a total of 24 credits of free electives under the 
programme structure, only 24 credits of free electives can be transferred. Thus, only 51 credits instead of 54 credits in total will be transferred. Effective from 2021- 22 intake to 2025- 26 intake, block credit transfer of 60* credits will be 
granted with details as follows: 
7 
  
(a) 21 credits of the Core Curriculum comprising 6 credits in the Common Core (CCC8011 
Critical Thinking: Analysis and Argumentation and CCC8012 The Making of Hong 
Kong) and 15 credits in the cluster courses;  
(b) 3 credits of Chinese language course (normally LCC1010 Chinese Communication I);  
(c) 3 credits of English language course (normally LUE1001 University English I);  
(d) 6 credits of programme required/elective courses; and  
(e) 27* credits of free electives;  
  Effective from 2026- 27 intake, block credit transfer of 60* credits will be granted with 
details as follows: 
 
(a) 21 credits of the Core Curriculum comprising 9 credits in the Common Core (CCC8011 Critical Thinking: Analysis and Argumentation, CCC8013 The Process of Science, and CCC8014 China in World History) and 12 credits in the cluster courses;  
(b) 3 credits of Chinese language course (normally LCC1010 Chinese Communication I);  
(c) 3 credits of English language course (normally LUE1001 University English I);  
(d) 6 credits of programme required/elective courses; and  
(e) 27* credits of free electives;  
* For admittees to the BBA Accounting/Accounting and Corporate Governance 
Stream/Major and BBA -Risk and Insurance Management programmes, as they are 
required to take a total of 24 credits of free electives under the programme structure, only 
24 credits of free electives can be transferred.

--- Segment 26 ---
Thus, only 51 credits instead of 54 credits in total will be transferred. Effective from 2021- 22 intake to 2025- 26 intake, block credit transfer of 60* credits will be 
granted with details as follows: 
7 
  
(a) 21 credits of the Core Curriculum comprising 6 credits in the Common Core (CCC8011 
Critical Thinking: Analysis and Argumentation and CCC8012 The Making of Hong 
Kong) and 15 credits in the cluster courses;  
(b) 3 credits of Chinese language course (normally LCC1010 Chinese Communication I);  
(c) 3 credits of English language course (normally LUE1001 University English I);  
(d) 6 credits of programme required/elective courses; and  
(e) 27* credits of free electives;  
  Effective from 2026- 27 intake, block credit transfer of 60* credits will be granted with 
details as follows: 
 
(a) 21 credits of the Core Curriculum comprising 9 credits in the Common Core (CCC8011 Critical Thinking: Analysis and Argumentation, CCC8013 The Process of Science, and CCC8014 China in World History) and 12 credits in the cluster courses;  
(b) 3 credits of Chinese language course (normally LCC1010 Chinese Communication I);  
(c) 3 credits of English language course (normally LUE1001 University English I);  
(d) 6 credits of programme required/elective courses; and  
(e) 27* credits of free electives;  
* For admittees to the BBA Accounting/Accounting and Corporate Governance 
Stream/Major and BBA -Risk and Insurance Management programmes, as they are 
required to take a total of 24 credits of free electives under the programme structure, only 
24 credits of free electives can be transferred. Thus, only 57 credits instead of 60 credits 
in total will be transferred. 9. 4. 3  The transfer student may apply for additional credit transfer/course exemption following provisions in other sections of the academic regulations, in particular, subject to the limits stipulated under Regulations 9. 2 and 9. 3. 9. 5 Block Credit Transfer for Students/Graduates from Local Sub- degree Programmes  
              Accredited with Level 4 of the Qualifications Framework for First- Year -First -Degree  
             (FYFD) Entry  
9.

--- Segment 27 ---
9. 5 Block Credit Transfer for Students/Graduates from Local Sub- degree Programmes  
              Accredited with Level 4 of the Qualifications Framework for First- Year -First -Degree  
             (FYFD) Entry  
9. 5. 1  Block credit transfer will be granted to an eligible sub -degree, viz. Associate Degree and 
Higher Diploma, student/graduate who is designated as a Year 2 student but using FYFD 
places upon admission, as prescribed in Regulation 9. 5. 2. 9. 5. 2 Effective from 2021- 22 intake, block credit transfer of 30 credits will be granted with 
details as follows: 
(a) 12 credits of cluster courses of the Core Curriculum;  
 
(b) 3 credits of English language course (normally LUE1001 University English I);  and 
8 
  
(c) 15 credits of free electives.

--- Segment 28 ---
5. 2 Effective from 2021- 22 intake, block credit transfer of 30 credits will be granted with 
details as follows: 
(a) 12 credits of cluster courses of the Core Curriculum;  
 
(b) 3 credits of English language course (normally LUE1001 University English I);  and 
8 
  
(c) 15 credits of free electives. 9. 5. 3 The transfer student may apply for additional credit transfer/course exemption following 
provisions in other sections of the academic regulations, in particular, subject to the limits stipulated under Regulations 9. 2 and 9. 3. 9. 6  Block Credit Transfer for Hong Kong Advanced Level Examination (HKALE) / 
International Baccalaureate (IB) / GCE Advanced Level (GCEAL) / International Advanced Level (IAL) Holders  
 9. 6.

--- Segment 29 ---
6  Block Credit Transfer for Hong Kong Advanced Level Examination (HKALE) / 
International Baccalaureate (IB) / GCE Advanced Level (GCEAL) / International Advanced Level (IAL) Holders  
 9. 6. 1 Effective from 2021 -22 intake, block credit transfer of 15* credits on free electives will be 
granted to HKALE/ IB/ GCEAL/ IAL holders with seven years of secondary schooling. *9 credits on free electives for students of 2018- 19 intake to 2020- 21 intake  
 
9. 6. 2 The transfer student may apply for additional credit transfer/course exemption following 
provisions in other sections of the academic regulations, in particular, subject to the limits stipulated under Regulations 9. 2 and 9. 3. 9. 7  Credit Transfer Applicable to All Students  
 9.

--- Segment 30 ---
9. 7  Credit Transfer Applicable to All Students  
 9. 7. 1 In case there is a similar course being offered by the University, the student may be exempted from taking the course and granted with equivalent credits, if the application is approved. 9. 7. 2 In case there is no similar course being offered by the University, the student may be 
exempted from taking a free elective course, or in some cases a course in the Core Curriculum if deemed appropriate, and granted with equivalent credits, if the applica tion is 
approved. 9. 7. 3 In case there is no similar course being offered by the University but the course completed at another recognised tertiary institution falls in the Major discipline(s) of the student, the student may be exempted from taking a course in the Major discipline(s) and granted with equivalent credits, if the applicat ion is approved.

--- Segment 31 ---
7. 3 In case there is no similar course being offered by the University but the course completed at another recognised tertiary institution falls in the Major discipline(s) of the student, the student may be exempted from taking a course in the Major discipline(s) and granted with equivalent credits, if the applicat ion is approved. 9. 7. 4 A minimum grade C is required for credit transfer of courses taken in undergraduate or sub-degree programmes
+. **. 9. 8 Course Exemption  
  In case there is a similar course being offered by the University, the student may be exempted from taking the course, if the application is approved. However, credits are not granted, and the student has to take another course (may be a specified course or any other course) to make up for the total number of credits required for graduation. 9.

--- Segment 32 ---
However, credits are not granted, and the student has to take another course (may be a specified course or any other course) to make up for the total number of credits required for graduation. 9. 9 Approval Procedures for Credit Transfer (other than block credit transfer prescribed in Regulations 9. 4, 9. 5 and 9. 6) and Course Exemption  
 
 
+ not applicable to courses taken in an approved student exchange programme  
9 
 9. 9. 1 A student is required to obtain from the Registry an application form for credit 
transfer/course exemption, complete and submit the application before the beginning of a term. For year courses, applications should be submitted before the beginning of the  first 
term. All such applications must be accompanied by original supporting documents and their photocopies.

--- Segment 33 ---
For year courses, applications should be submitted before the beginning of the  first 
term. All such applications must be accompanied by original supporting documents and their photocopies. The Registry will return the original supporting documents to the applicant after inspection. 9. 9. 2 The application should be submitted to the Head of the Academic Unit offering the similar course
(Note 4) or to the Programme Director/Head of Department of his/her Major programme 
when no similar course is identified. In case the Programme Director considers that the course taken falls in the Major discipline(s) of the student as referred to in Regulation 9. 7. 3, he/she should refer the application to the Head of the Academic Unit offering courses in the discipline for endorsement. In case the Programme Director/Head of Academic Unit considers that the course/examination taken may be considered a course in the  Core 
Curriculum, he/she should refer the application to the Director of Core Curriculum .

--- Segment 34 ---
3, he/she should refer the application to the Head of the Academic Unit offering courses in the discipline for endorsement. In case the Programme Director/Head of Academic Unit considers that the course/examination taken may be considered a course in the  Core 
Curriculum, he/she should refer the application to the Director of Core Curriculum . 9. 9. 3 The application should be approved by the Programme Director/Head of Academic Unit concerned /Director of Core Curriculum , who should forward it to the Registry within two 
weeks after the beginning of a term. 9. 9. 4 For an application in relation to a University- wide required course, as prescribed in 
Regulation 6. 5, the Programme Director/Head of Academic Unit concerned/Director of Core Curriculum should consider the application in accordance with the common standard of exemption criteria approved by the Senate, if any. 9.

--- Segment 35 ---
5, the Programme Director/Head of Academic Unit concerned/Director of Core Curriculum should consider the application in accordance with the common standard of exemption criteria approved by the Senate, if any. 9. 10 A student should not enrol in a course for which he/she has been granted exemption (with or without credits). If the student has enrolled in a course and is subsequently granted exemption (with or without credits), he/she is not required to apply to drop the exempted 
course. 9. 11 No grade will be given (with exceptions specified in Regulations 9. 12 and 11. 6) but all exempted or recognised courses and the number of credits transferred will be shown in the student’s transcript. 9. 12 For a student who has participated in an approved student exchange programme of the University, credits of recognised courses obtained from the partner institution will normally be transferred to his/her undergraduate degree programme at the University as  approved by 
the Programme Director/Head of Department of his/her Major programme.

--- Segment 36 ---
9. 12 For a student who has participated in an approved student exchange programme of the University, credits of recognised courses obtained from the partner institution will normally be transferred to his/her undergraduate degree programme at the University as  approved by 
the Programme Director/Head of Department of his/her Major programme. The actual grades/marks of recognised courses obtained in the partner institution will be shown in the transcript of the student, but will not be counted in the calcula tion of grade point averages. 10. Adding and Dropping Courses and Changing Courses / Sections / Tutorials  
 
10. 1 A student who wishes to add or drop a course, or change a section or tutorial group of a course after registration must complete the relevant procedure as prescribed by the Registry. The add/drop period shall start four days before class commencement and end six calendar 
days after the beginning of the term concerned. Note 4   For some courses in the undergraduate programmes under the Wu Jieh Yee School of Interdisciplinary Studies 
which are directly offered by the School, the role of Head of Academic Unit offering the course is taken up by 
the Programme Director of respective undergraduate programme . 10 
 10. 2 Only under very special circumstances may a student apply in writing to both the 
Programme Director/Head of his/her Department and the Registrar for permission to add or drop a course after the stipulated deadline, but no student is allowed to drop a cour se after 
a lapse of one- third of the term.

--- Segment 37 ---
10 
 10. 2 Only under very special circumstances may a student apply in writing to both the 
Programme Director/Head of his/her Department and the Registrar for permission to add or drop a course after the stipulated deadline, but no student is allowed to drop a cour se after 
a lapse of one- third of the term. 10. 3 A student who adds a course or changes a course or section of a course without going through the prescribed procedure will not be given a grade or credits for the course. 10. 4 A student who drops a course without going through the prescribed procedure will be given 
an “F” grade for the course. 11. Change of Study Programme  or Major Programme  
 11. 1 A Year 1 student is normally not allowed to change from one study programme to another. 11.

--- Segment 38 ---
1 A Year 1 student is normally not allowed to change from one study programme to another. 11. 2 A student who wishes for special reasons to transfer from one study programme or Major programme to another may consult his/her academic adviser. To apply for programme transfer, the student must complete a prescribed form obtainable from the Registry. The timeframe to make the application is stipulated below: 
 BBA –  Students are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major 
programme that is outside BBA programme after the end of Term 2 classes of the 
first year of studies and the change shall take effect from Term 1 of the second year of studies, if the application is approved. Students may also apply to change later, i. e. after Term 1 or Term 2 classes of second year of studies, for the change to take effect in the following regular term. BLA – Students are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major programme after the end of Term 2 classes of the first year of studies and the change shall take effect from Term 1 of the second year of studies, if the application is approved. Student s may also apply to change later, i.

--- Segment 39 ---
BLA – Students are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major programme after the end of Term 2 classes of the first year of studies and the change shall take effect from Term 1 of the second year of studies, if the application is approved. Student s may also apply to change later, i. e. after Term 
1 or Term 2 classes of second year of studies, for the change to take effect in the following regular term. BSc – Students are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major programme after the end of Term 2 classes of the first year of studies and the change shall take effect from Term 1 of the second year of studies, if the application is approved. Student s may also apply to change later, i. e. after Term 
1 or Term 2 classes of second year of studies, for the change to take effect in the following regular term. BSocSc – Students are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major programme that is outside BSocSc programme after the end of Term 1 classes of the second year of studies and the change shall take effect from Term 2 of the second year of studies, if the application is approved. Students may also apply to change later, i.

--- Segment 40 ---
BSocSc – Students are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major programme that is outside BSocSc programme after the end of Term 1 classes of the second year of studies and the change shall take effect from Term 2 of the second year of studies, if the application is approved. Students may also apply to change later, i. e. after Term 2 classes of second year of studies, for the change to take effect from Term 1, of the third year of studies. BA – Students admitted via programme -based admission who have studied at least two 
courses in the Major discipline in the first year of studies are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major programme after the end of Term 2 classes of the first y ear, and the change shall take effect from Term 1 of the second year 
of studies, if the application is approved. 11 
  All BA students are allowed to apply for change of study programme or Major 
programme after the end of Term 2 classes of the second year of studies and the change shall take effect from Term 1 of the third year of studies, if the application is approved. 11. 3 For a change of Major within a study programme, a student shall follow the stipulations for the respective programmes as announced by the academic units concerned. 11. 4 The approval of the Programme  Director/Head of Department of the original study 
programme or Major programme and the study programme or Major programme the student intends to join should be obtained.

--- Segment 41 ---
11. 4 The approval of the Programme  Director/Head of Department of the original study 
programme or Major programme and the study programme or Major programme the student intends to join should be obtained. 11. 5 No student is allowed to join a study programme or Major programme without fulfilling the entrance requirements at the study programme and/or Major programme level or equivalence. 11. 6 All courses taken under the original study programme or Major programme, regardless of passed or failed, will be kept in the academic records of the student. Both grades and credits of these courses will be transferred automatically to the new study programme or Major programme. The course credits earned will be counted towards fulfilment of curriculum and graduation requirements of the new Major programme, where appropriate. All courses will be counted towards the calculation of G. P.

--- Segment 42 ---
All courses will be counted towards the calculation of G. P. As. 11. 7 Normally not more than 75% of the required number of credits for the award of the degree can be granted by credit transfer. 11. 8 The periods of studies in both original and new study programmes or Major programmes will be counted within the maximum study period specified in Regulation 13. 2. 11. 9 A student may be advised to transfer to another programme if the Programme Director/Head of Department of the student's current programme, in considering his/her aptitude and suitability, deems it more appropriate to transfer the student to another progra mme.

--- Segment 43 ---
11. 9 A student may be advised to transfer to another programme if the Programme Director/Head of Department of the student's current programme, in considering his/her aptitude and suitability, deems it more appropriate to transfer the student to another progra mme. 11. 10 A student who wishes to transfer from one study programme or Major programme to  another should be aware that he/she may need to study and pay tuition fee beyond the 
 normal study period of 4 years. 12. Class Attendance and Leave of Absence  
 
12. 1 A student should attend all lectures, tutorials and other class activities, tests and examinations and complete the work assigned by the teachers of the courses in which the student has enrolled. 12. 2 Students are expected to attend classes and other class activities punctually and regularly, to the satisfaction of the teachers of courses. Each course may have specific requirements for student attendance.

--- Segment 44 ---
2 Students are expected to attend classes and other class activities punctually and regularly, to the satisfaction of the teachers of courses. Each course may have specific requirements for student attendance. Appropriate sanctions, where necessary, would be approved by the Board of Examiners
(Note 5) concerned. Note 5   For  BA programmes/courses offered by the Faculty of Arts , all examination matters will be dealt with by  
      the Department Board concerned. For courses offered by the CEAL and the CLEAC, examination matters  
      will be handled by the Boards of the Centres. For courses directly offered by the O ffice of Core  
      Curriculum  and the OSL, examination matters will be overseen respectively by the C ore Curriculum  
      Committee  and the Service- Learning Programme Committee. For science courses offered by the Division of 
 Science, examination matters will be overseen by the Board of Division of Science . For music and performing 
 arts courses offered by  the Wong Bing Lai Music and Performing Arts Unit  (WBLMP) , examination matters  
      will be overseen by the  Board of WBLMP. 12 
  
12. 3 A student who is unable to attend classes should inform the teacher concerned in writing at the earliest opportunity.

--- Segment 45 ---
12 
  
12. 3 A student who is unable to attend classes should inform the teacher concerned in writing at the earliest opportunity. 12. 4 In the case of absence for more than two days owing to illness, a certificate from a registered medical doctor is required. 12. 5 A student who wishes to obtain leave of absence of more than a week for non- medical 
reasons should obtain prior permission from the Programme Director/Head of the student’s Department on the basis of a written application, stating the reasons for seeking leave of absence. If the application is approved, the Programme Director/Head of the Department should send to the Registrar a copy of the application letter together with his/her written approval. 12. 6 In case of illness or other serious emergencies, a student who has been granted leave of absence may apply to the Programme Director(s)/Head(s) of the Academic Units concerned for permission to carry out make -up work for assignments, tests and examinations. Such 
applications are subject to approval by the Programme Directors/Heads of the Academic Units in consultation with the teachers concerned.

--- Segment 46 ---
6 In case of illness or other serious emergencies, a student who has been granted leave of absence may apply to the Programme Director(s)/Head(s) of the Academic Units concerned for permission to carry out make -up work for assignments, tests and examinations. Such 
applications are subject to approval by the Programme Directors/Heads of the Academic Units in consultation with the teachers concerned. 12. 7 A student who has been absent without leave for a period exceeding thirty calendar days in the aggregate in any term will be considered as having unofficially withdrawn from studies at the University. 12. 8 A student whose accumulated leave of absence exceeds one- third of the term should not be 
assessed and awarded credits for the courses enrolled in the term. 12. 9 Notwithstanding the provisions in Regulations 12. 6, 12. 7 and 12.

--- Segment 47 ---
6, 12. 7 and 12. 8, the Senate may in special circumstances exercise its discretion not to invoke these regulations or any part thereof in respect of a particular case. 12. 10 A student may be required to take leave of absence if the condition of the student’s health will constitute a definite hazard to the University community. Such a student should seek appropriate treatment. After the prescribed period of absence and befor e the student applies 
to resume classes, he/she should obtain a certificate signed by a registered medical doctor, stating that the student no longer constitutes a hazard to the University community. 13. Period of Study  
 13. 1 A student is required to register for and attend classes for at least four terms before graduation.

--- Segment 48 ---
Period of Study  
 13. 1 A student is required to register for and attend classes for at least four terms before graduation. Summer terms and any periods of gap year and suspension of studies are not included in the minimum period of study. 13. 2 A student is required to fulfil all the requirements for graduation within the maximum study period, viz. fourteen terms (twelve terms for a student admitted to Year 2 and ten terms for a student admitted to Year 3) from his/her first registration, with the exception of the English language graduation requirement(s) (achieving a required score in IELTS for students admitted from 2017 -18 except for those admitted to Year 3 in 2017- 18, and  taking the 
Password Test twice for students admitted from 2021- 22) which should be fulfilled within 
ten terms (eight terms for a student admitted to Year 2 and six terms for a student admitted to Year 3). Summer terms are not included in the maximum period of study. Any periods of leave of absence, gap year, suspensi on of studies, and on approved exchange programmes 
are included in the maximum period of study. A student may register as a full -time or part-
time student, or a combination within the maximum study period. 13 
  
13.

--- Segment 49 ---
A student may register as a full -time or part-
time student, or a combination within the maximum study period. 13 
  
13. 3 The approval procedures for extending the maximum period to fulfil the English language graduation requirement are specified under Regulation 21. 4. A student who for non -
academic reasons intends to extend his/her period of study beyond the prescribed maximum number of terms for other graduation requirements is required to obtain prior permission from the Senate. 14. Gap Year, Suspension of Studies and Withdrawal  
 14. 1 Gap Year  
 14. 1. 1 A student who wishes to engage in experiential learning such as internship, voluntary services, entrepreneurship and leadership related learning activities
(Note 6), may apply for 
taking a gap year to the Registrar.

--- Segment 50 ---
1. 1 A student who wishes to engage in experiential learning such as internship, voluntary services, entrepreneurship and leadership related learning activities
(Note 6), may apply for 
taking a gap year to the Registrar. 14. 1. 2 Students who have completed the first year are eligible to take a gap year. They are allowed 
to take a year out once only except in extraordinary circumstances. 14. 1. 3 The student should obtain an application form from the Registry, complete and submit it 
together with the relevant supporting documents to the Registry in a term prior to the gap 
year. 14.

--- Segment 51 ---
3 The student should obtain an application form from the Registry, complete and submit it 
together with the relevant supporting documents to the Registry in a term prior to the gap 
year. 14. 1. 4 The Registrar will consult the Programme Director/Head of the Department concerned to 
decide whether or not to approve the application. 14. 1. 5 The period of gap year should normally be up to two terms but not necessarily within the same academic year. If the applicant fails to return to the University to continue studies at the end of the permitted period of gap year, the student will be considered as having 
unofficially withdrawn from the University effective on the first day after the end of the 
permitted period of gap year. 14. 1.

--- Segment 52 ---
14. 1. 6 The student should inform the Programme concerned and the Registry in case of changing the nature of work during the approved gap year. 14. 2 Suspension  
 
14. 2. 1 A student who, because of health or financial problems or for other valid reasons, wishes to suspend his/her studies until the end of the term for which the student is enrolled or the end 
of the following term, may apply to the Registrar. 14. 2. 2 The student should obtain an application form from the Registry, complete and submit it 
together with the relevant supporting documents to the Registry.

--- Segment 53 ---
2. 2 The student should obtain an application form from the Registry, complete and submit it 
together with the relevant supporting documents to the Registry. 14. 2. 3 The Registrar will consult the Programme Director/Head of the Department concerned to 
decide whether or not to approve the application. 14. 2. 4 The period of suspension should normally not exceed two terms. If the applicant fails to return to the University to resume studies at the end of the permitted period of suspension, 
 
Note 6  Non-local students must comply with  the HKSAR Immigration Policy concerning their maximum  
allowable period of stay in Hong Kong and their engagement in experiential learning such as internship,  
voluntary services, entrepreneurship and leadership related learning activities, whether paid or unpaid, in  
Hong Kong. 14 
 the student will be considered as having unofficially withdrawn from the University 
effective on the first day after the end of the suspension period.

--- Segment 54 ---
If the applicant fails to return to the University to resume studies at the end of the permitted period of suspension, 
 
Note 6  Non-local students must comply with  the HKSAR Immigration Policy concerning their maximum  
allowable period of stay in Hong Kong and their engagement in experiential learning such as internship,  
voluntary services, entrepreneurship and leadership related learning activities, whether paid or unpaid, in  
Hong Kong. 14 
 the student will be considered as having unofficially withdrawn from the University 
effective on the first day after the end of the suspension period. 14. 3 Withdrawal  
 14. 3. 1 A student who wishes to leave the University before graduation must seek official withdrawal from the University. 14. 3. 2 The student should complete and submit an application form obtainable from the Registry. 14.

--- Segment 55 ---
2 The student should complete and submit an application form obtainable from the Registry. 14. 3. 3 Approval will be granted by the Registrar only after proper clearance by relevant units. 14. 3. 4 A student who leaves the University without going through the proper procedures will be considered as having unofficially withdrawn from the University effective on the last day of the teaching term concerned. 14. 4 An unofficially withdrawn student will not be issued any official documents of the University and will not be re -admitted. 15.

--- Segment 56 ---
4 An unofficially withdrawn student will not be issued any official documents of the University and will not be re -admitted. 15. Course Assessment  
 15. 1 A student is assessed for every course in which he/she has enrolled in the form of any one or any combination of the following: class work, written assignment, laboratory work, field work, research papers, projects, tests, written examinations, oral exami nations and any other 
method(s) of academic assessment. 15. 2 A student is required to complete all the course work and take all the prescribed tests and examinations. 15. 3 A student who fails to attend a test or an examination without a good reason will not be given marks for that test or examination and no supplementary assessment will be given. 15. 4 A student who is unable to sit for an examination but has medical or other compelling reasons acceptable to the Academic Unit responsible for the course concerned may apply in writing with documentary evidence to the Academic Unit concerned for a suppleme ntary 
assessment.

--- Segment 57 ---
15. 4 A student who is unable to sit for an examination but has medical or other compelling reasons acceptable to the Academic Unit responsible for the course concerned may apply in writing with documentary evidence to the Academic Unit concerned for a suppleme ntary 
assessment. The application should be made at the earliest possible moment and no later than one week after the examination concerned was held. Further details are stipulated in Section 7 of the Regulations Governing University Examinations and Coursework. 15. 5 Reassessment of a failed course is not allowed, except under extenuating circumstances. 15. 6 A student who has failed in a required course must retake it or take a substitute course approved in writing by the Academic Unit concerned. 15. 7 A student who has failed an elective course may retake it or take an alternative elective in a subsequent term.

--- Segment 58 ---
15. 7 A student who has failed an elective course may retake it or take an alternative elective in a subsequent term. 15. 8 A student may retake a failed course only twice. 15. 9 A student is not allowed to retake any credit bearing or non- credit bearing course which 
he/she has previously taken and passed. 16. Academic Credits  
 
15 
 16. 1 The credit is a unit for measuring the amount of time in a particular course during which a 
student undertakes learning activities in the University, including lectures, tutorials and other forms of learning, together with the average amount of time he/she is expected to spend on his/her own. 16.

--- Segment 59 ---
1 The credit is a unit for measuring the amount of time in a particular course during which a 
student undertakes learning activities in the University, including lectures, tutorials and other forms of learning, together with the average amount of time he/she is expected to spend on his/her own. 16. 2 In the course description, the credits assigned to a course will be indicated in parentheses. A student will be given the appropriate number of credits for a course in which he/she has enrolled and passed. 16. 3 The grades of all courses taken and retaken, regardless of passed or failed, will be shown in academic reports and transcripts. 17. Grading System  
 17. 1 Letter grades are used to indicate a student's academic performance in a course. 17.

--- Segment 60 ---
1 Letter grades are used to indicate a student's academic performance in a course. 17. 2 Grades are awarded according to the following system:  
 
Grade Standard  Sub- divisions  Grade Points  
A Excellent  A 4. 00 
  A- 3. 67 
B Good B+ 3. 33 
  B 3. 00 
  B- 2. 67 
C Fair C+ 2. 33 
  C 2. 00 
  C- 1.

--- Segment 61 ---
33 
  C 2. 00 
  C- 1. 67 
D Pass D+ 1. 33 
  D 1. 00 
F Failure  F    0 
I Incomplete            0* 
M Merit   no grade point given* 
VS Very Satisfactory  no grade point given* 
S Satisfactory   no grade point given* 
U Unsatisfactory   no grade point given* 
PASS/FAIL   no grade point given*   
  *Not included in the calculation of grade point average. 17. 3 Grade F indicates failure. A student who receives this grade in the first term of a year course is not normally allowed to continue with that course in the second term. 17. 4 Grade I is a temporary grade which indicates that the course work or examination has not been completed for reasons acceptable to both the teacher and the Board of Examiners concerned.

--- Segment 62 ---
17. 4 Grade I is a temporary grade which indicates that the course work or examination has not been completed for reasons acceptable to both the teacher and the Board of Examiners concerned. The assessment should be completed within four weeks after official r elease of 
the preliminary assessment results, and the grade I will be converted to a final grade which includes all assessment marks; otherwise, the grade I will be converted to grade F. The final grade will be used in the calculation of grade point a verages. 17. 5 A Pass or Fail grade may only be given as specified in the approved syllabus of the course concerned. 18. Grade Point Average (G. P. A.

--- Segment 63 ---
P. A. )  
 18. 1 Term G. P. A. 16 
  This is a figure ranging from 0 to 4. 00 (A = 4. 00) used to indicate the performance of a 
student in the term concerned. Term G.

--- Segment 64 ---
00) used to indicate the performance of a 
student in the term concerned. Term G. P. A. Total weighted points for all courses taken in the term concerned  
 = 
 Total number of credits* enrolled in for the term concerned  
 
 where weighted points = grade points x the number of credits of the course concerned. 18. 2 Year G. P. A. This is a figure ranging from 0 to 4.

--- Segment 65 ---
A. This is a figure ranging from 0 to 4. 00 (A = 4. 00) used to indicate the performance of a 
student in the academic year concerned. Year G. P. A. Total weighted points for all courses taken in the year concerned  
 = 
                  Total number of credits
* enrolled in for the year concerned  
 
18. 3 Cumulative G. P.

--- Segment 66 ---
3 Cumulative G. P. A. This is a figure ranging from 0 to 4. 00 (A = 4. 00) used to indicate the overall performance of a student in all the terms up to date. Cumulative G. P. A. Total weighted points for all courses taken  
 = 
       Total number of credits* enrolled in for all terms  
 18.

--- Segment 67 ---
A. Total weighted points for all courses taken  
 = 
       Total number of credits* enrolled in for all terms  
 18. 4 Courses enrolled (including those in a summer term), regardless of passed or failed, will be 
included in the calculation of Term, Year or Cumulative G. P. A. 18. 5 Courses which are exempted are not included in the calculation of Term, Year or Cumulative 
G. P. A. 19.

--- Segment 68 ---
A. 19. Academic Standing  
 
19. 1 Academic Probation  
 
19. 1. 1 A student will be put on academic probation in the following term(s) if his/her Cumulative G. P. A. is below 1. 67.

--- Segment 69 ---
is below 1. 67. 19. 1. 2 A student on academic probation cannot take more than 12 credits of courses per term except otherwise approved. 19. 1. 3 With the consent of his/her academic adviser and the Programme Director/Head of the Department concerned, a student on academic probation with Cumulative G. P. A.

--- Segment 70 ---
P. A. above 1. 0 
can take up to 15 credits of courses in the term. The student cannot take more than 15 credits 
of courses without exceptional approval of the Dean concerned. *  credits of relevant  courses only  
17 
 19. 1. 4 If a student on academic probation has a Cumulative G. P. A.

--- Segment 71 ---
P. A. of 1. 0 or below, approval 
normally will not be granted for taking more than 12 credits of courses. Exceptions will require the approval of the Programme Director/Head of the Department and the Dea n 
concerned. 19. 1. 5 The performance of a student on probation will be reviewed at the end of the term when he/she has taken cumulatively 12 or more credits of courses since he/she has been put on probation. At the time of review, if the student obtains a Cumulative G. P.

--- Segment 72 ---
At the time of review, if the student obtains a Cumulative G. P. A. of  1. 67 or above, 
probation will be lifted. Otherwise his/her studies will be discontinued as prescribed by Regulation 19. 2. 1 (c). 19. 1.

--- Segment 73 ---
19. 1. 6 A student on academic probation will still be assessed on a term basis and subject to other conditions of discontinuation of studies prescribed by Regulation 19. 2. 19. 1. 7 Generally the evaluation of students’ examination results to determine their academic 
standing will not apply to the summer term with the following exceptions. (a) The performance of a student who is on academic probation will be reviewed at the end of the summer term if he/she has taken cumulatively 12 or more credits since he/she has been put on probation. At the time of review, if the student obtains a 
Cumulative  G. P.

--- Segment 74 ---
At the time of review, if the student obtains a 
Cumulative  G. P. A. of 1. 67 or above, probation will be lifted. Otherwise his/her studies 
will be discontinued as prescribed by Regulation 19. 2. 1 (c). (b) If a student fails thrice a required course after the summer term, his/her studies will be discontinued in accordance with Regulation 19. 2.

--- Segment 75 ---
(b) If a student fails thrice a required course after the summer term, his/her studies will be discontinued in accordance with Regulation 19. 2. 1(d). 19. 2 Discontinuation of Studies  
 
19. 2. 1 The studies of a student will normally be discontinued if, 
  (a) his/her term grade point average is below 1. 00 for any two terms; or  
 
 (b) he/she fails in more than half of the credits of all the courses he/she takes in a term for any two terms; or  
 
 (c) he/she fails to have his/her academic probation lifted at the end of the term when he/she 
has taken cumulatively 12 or more credits since he/she has been put on probation, regardless of any intervening leave of absence, gap year or suspension of studies; or  
  (d) he/she fails thrice a required course
(Note 7) specified in his/her study programme (for a 
student who changes his/her study programme or Major programme, the failure under the original study programme or Major programme is also counted); or  
  (e) he/she fails to fulfil the requirement(s) for progression as stipulated in his/her study programme, if any; or  
  (f) he/she fails to fulfil all the requirements for graduation within the maximum period of study as stipulated in Regulation 13. 2. 19.

--- Segment 76 ---
2. 19. 2. 2 A student whose term grade point average is below 1. 00 and/or who fails in more than  
            half of the credits of all the courses taken in a term should have his/her study load in the  
 
Note 7    A “required course” here refers to a common core course in the Core Curriculum , a required language     
 course  or a course specified in the study p rogramme of a student which the student is required to take and    
 pass. 18 
             following term endorsed by the academic adviser and approved by the Programme  
            Director/Head of Department concerned. 19. 2. 3 A student whose studies have been discontinued on academic grounds is not allowed to be 
re-admitted to any undergraduate programme in the following academic year. The student 
may be admitted to any undergraduate programme afterwards considering his/he r academic 
achievement attained subsequent to the discontinuation of studies.

--- Segment 77 ---
3 A student whose studies have been discontinued on academic grounds is not allowed to be 
re-admitted to any undergraduate programme in the following academic year. The student 
may be admitted to any undergraduate programme afterwards considering his/he r academic 
achievement attained subsequent to the discontinuation of studies. To ensure that there are strong reasons to justify the re -admission, all cases of re -admitting discontinued students 
will need to be presented to the Chairman of the Undergraduat e Admissions Committee for 
approval. 19. 2. 4 Students' academic standing referred to in Regulation 19. 2. 1 is subject to the approval of the Senate upon the recommendation of the Board of Examiners concerned. 19. 2.

--- Segment 78 ---
19. 2. 5 Notwithstanding Regulation 19. 2. 3, a student whose studies have been discontinued may appeal through the Registrar against the decision. Details are stipulated in Section 9 of the Regulations Governing University Examinations and Course  Work. 20. Academic Honours  
 20. 1 Dean’s List -  A student who obtains 24 credits or more in an academic year (with 12 credits 
or more in any one term in the academic year), scores a Year G. P.

--- Segment 79 ---
1 Dean’s List -  A student who obtains 24 credits or more in an academic year (with 12 credits 
or more in any one term in the academic year), scores a Year G. P. A. of 3. 30 -  3. 69, and has 
no F (Failure), Fail, U (Unsatisfactory) or I (Incomplete) grades in any courses enrolled in for the academic year concerned will be placed on the Dean’s List. 20. 2 President’s List -  A student who obtains 24 credits or more in an academic year (with 12 
credits or more in any one term in the academic year), scores a Year G. P. A.

--- Segment 80 ---
P. A. of 3. 70 or above, and has no F (Failure), Fail, U (Unsatisfactory) or I (Incomplete) grade s in any courses 
enrolled in for the academic year concerned will be placed on the President’s List. 20. 3 In case a student has an I (Incomplete) grade in a course which is converted into an appropriate grade, his/her Term G. P. A. and Year G. P.

--- Segment 81 ---
and Year G. P. A. will be calculated again. The student will be awarded the Dean’s List/President’s List when the new Year G. P. A. meet s 
the minimum G. P. A.

--- Segment 82 ---
P. A. required and the student fulfils other criteria. 20. 4 President’s Award -  The graduate who scores the highest Cumulative G. P. A. (or the 
graduates who score the same highest Cumulative G. P. A.

--- Segment 83 ---
P. A. ) among graduates of both UGC -
funded and non- UGC -funded undergraduate degree programmes will be bestowed the 
President’ s Award(s) at the Congregation. 21. Graduation Requirements  
 21. 1 A student should have attended at least four terms at the University. The period on approved exchange programmes is included. Summer terms, and any periods of gap year and suspension of studies are not included. 21. 2 A student will be evaluated for graduation according to the schedule announced by the 
University for each conferment exercise if he/she satisf ies all the requirements of the Major 
programme concerned  by the cut -off date of graduation evaluation concerned.

--- Segment 84 ---
21. 2 A student will be evaluated for graduation according to the schedule announced by the 
University for each conferment exercise if he/she satisf ies all the requirements of the Major 
programme concerned  by the cut -off date of graduation evaluation concerned. For a student 
approved to take double Majors, he/she will be evaluated for graduation in a conferment exercise if he/she satisf ies all the requirements of both Majors  by the cut -off date of 
graduation evaluation concerned. If a student is not allowed  to graduate, he/she will be re -
evaluated for graduation in the subsequent conferment exercises . 19 
 21. 3 A student should have completed 120 or more credits of courses and fulfilled all other 
graduation requirements as stipulated in the curriculum of his/her study programme. A student should also fulfil the requirements of the Integrated Learning Programme a nd 
Service- Learning. A student should pass the Information Technology Fluency Test
(Note 8). The University reserves the right to make amendments to academic programmes from time to time as approved by the Senate. These should be fulfilled within the maximum study period as prescribed in Regulation 13.

--- Segment 85 ---
The University reserves the right to make amendments to academic programmes from time to time as approved by the Senate. These should be fulfilled within the maximum study period as prescribed in Regulation 13. 2. 21. 4 A student admitted in the 2017- 18 academic year or after (except for those admitted to Year 
3 in 2017- 18) shall meet the English language graduation requirement by attaining a 
minimum overall band score in the International English Language Testing System  (IELTS) 
applicable to his/her Major
(Note 9 ) before he/she can graduate. Additionally, a student 
admitted from the 2021 -22 academic year or after shall take the Password Test twice 
according to the stipulated timeframe(Note 10 ) before he/she can graduate. These shall be 
fulfilled within ten terms (eight terms for a student admitted to Year 2 and six terms for a 
student admitted to Year 3). Nevertheless, exceptional approval for fulfilling the 
requirement(s) in a longer period ca n be granted by the Dean concerned on a case -by-case 
basis under exceptional circumstances and upon recommendation by the Programme 
Director/Head of Department concerned. A written application has to be submitted to the 
Programme Director/Head of Departmen t concerned three months before the end of the 
aforementioned period. 21.

--- Segment 86 ---
A written application has to be submitted to the 
Programme Director/Head of Departmen t concerned three months before the end of the 
aforementioned period. 21. 5 A student should have obtained a Cumulative G. P. A. of at least 1. 67. 21. 6 A student who has fulfilled the requirements of two Major programmes for which he/she 
has registered will graduate with double Majors. 21.

--- Segment 87 ---
6 A student who has fulfilled the requirements of two Major programmes for which he/she 
has registered will graduate with double Majors. 21. 7 A student who has fulfilled the requirements of a Minor programme for which he/she has registered will graduate with the Minor. 21. 8 A student is required to graduate as soon as he/she satisfies all the conditions for graduation 
by the cut -off date of graduation evaluation concerned. A student approved to take double 
Majors shall graduate as soon as he/she satisfies all the conditions for graduation for both 
Majors. In case the student cannot satisfy the conditions for attaining the first Major by the expiry of the maximum study period, his/her studies will be discontinued as stipulated in 
Regulation 19. 2. 1(f). In case the student cannot satisfy the conditions for attaining the 
second Major by the expiry of the maximum study period, he/she shall graduate from the 
first Major provided that he/she satisfies all the conditions for graduation for the first Major .

--- Segment 88 ---
1(f). In case the student cannot satisfy the conditions for attaining the 
second Major by the expiry of the maximum study period, he/she shall graduate from the 
first Major provided that he/she satisfies all the conditions for graduation for the first Major . He/she may be allowed to take more credits than he/she needs to graduate, but only in the 
 
Note 8   Successful completion  of BUS1110 Introduction to Information Literacy course is regarded as fulfilled the     
 requirement for passing the Information Technology Fluency Test. Note 9   An overall band score of 6. 5 in IELTS (Academic) was set as the university -wide English language  
      minimum graduation requirement while  an overall band score of 7. 0 in IELTS (Academic) was set as the  
      requirement for English and Translation Majors and an overall band score of 6. 0 in IELTS (Academic) was  
      exceptionally approved for the Chinese Major. Upon approval by the Programme Director /Head of  
      Department  concerned, elite student -athletes admitted from the 2022 -23 academic year are required to attain  
      an overall band score of 5. 5 in IELTS (Academic) to fulfil the English language graduation requirement. Students may meet the requirement  by attaining a required score in IELTS or an equivalent qualification   
      anytime before graduation but it is strongly recommended that students take IELTS after completion of the  
      English Language Enhancement (ELE) courses.

--- Segment 89 ---
5 in IELTS (Academic) to fulfil the English language graduation requirement. Students may meet the requirement  by attaining a required score in IELTS or an equivalent qualification   
      anytime before graduation but it is strongly recommended that students take IELTS after completion of the  
      English Language Enhancement (ELE) courses. Students whose IELTS score is below the required   
      threshold  may retake IELTS. There is no limit on the number of retakes. More details of the graduation  
      requirement are stipulated in the Registry webpage on English Language Requirements . Note 10  Upon approval by the Programme Director /Head of Department  concerned, elite student -athletes admitted  
      from the 2022 -23 academic year are required to take the Password test once in their first term of studies. Details on taking the Password test for all undergraduate students  are stipulated in the Registry webpage on  
      English Language Requirements . 20 
 term he/she becomes eligible for the award concerned. He/she is not required to drop the 
course(s) enrolled in the term(s) after his/her graduation as the course enrolment will be 
considered cancelled. 21.

--- Segment 90 ---
He/she is not required to drop the 
course(s) enrolled in the term(s) after his/her graduation as the course enrolment will be 
considered cancelled. 21. 9 In case a student approved to take double Majors wishes to graduate as soon as he/she satisfies all the conditions for graduation from the first Major without attaining the second Major, he/she should apply for approval from the Programme Director/Head of Department  
of the second Major to withdraw from the second Major. The student approved to withdraw 
from the second Major will be evaluated for graduation in the conferment exercise
 in which 
he/she may satisfy all the requirements of the first Major  by the cut -off date of graduation 
evaluation concerned. 21. 10 A student’s eligibility for graduation is subject to Senate approval. 22. Degree Classification  
 
22. 1 An honours degree programme  student who has fulfilled the requirements for graduation 
will be awarded a bachelor’s degree with one of the classifications set out in Regulation 
22. 2.

--- Segment 91 ---
1 An honours degree programme  student who has fulfilled the requirements for graduation 
will be awarded a bachelor’s degree with one of the classifications set out in Regulation 
22. 2. These are given according to the students' Cumulative G. P. A. on all courses. 22. 2 There is a minimum Cumulative G. P. A.

--- Segment 92 ---
P. A. for each class below which a student will not be 
given the classification concerned, as follows:  
 
Honours Degree  
Classification  Minimum Cumulative  
G. P. A. (1) First Class Honours  3. 50 
(2) Upper Second Class Honours  3. 00 
(3) Lower Second Class Honours  2. 50 
(4) Third Class Honours  2. 00 
(5) Pass  1.

--- Segment 93 ---
50 
(4) Third Class Honours  2. 00 
(5) Pass  1. 67 
 
 The attainment of the minimum Cumulative G. P. A. does not mean automatic conversion to the corresponding class of honours. 23. Special Cases  
  Where a student is unable, through illness or other extenuating circumstances, to complete some or all of the course requirements and/or examinations in the final term, or does not have the likelihood of completing the degree requirements, the Board of Examiners may make an overall judgment based on his/her performance in the courses completed and recommend the student for a degree with no classification. The acceptance of such an award by a student will render him/her ineligible to present himself/herself for any subsequent consideration for the same bachelor’s degree. 24.

--- Segment 94 ---
The acceptance of such an award by a student will render him/her ineligible to present himself/herself for any subsequent consideration for the same bachelor’s degree. 24. Academic Dress for Graduates  
 24. 1 Gown   
  A black robe of a simple traditional shape. 24. 2 Hood 
  A black hood of 90 cm long with red and grey silk lining throughout, and with an edge lining of the discipline colour as follows:  
21 
  
Degree  Colour  
Bachelor of Arts (BA)  Yellow  
Bachelor of Business Administration  (BBA)  Blue  
Bachelor of Liberal Arts (BLA)  Purple  
Bachelor of Science (BSc)  Red 
Bachelor of Social Sciences (BSocSc)  Green  
 
24. 3 Cap 
 
 A black cap of mortar -board pattern with a black tassel. 25. Testimonials, Transcripts and Academic Awards  
 25. 1 Testimonials  
 25.

--- Segment 95 ---
Testimonials, Transcripts and Academic Awards  
 25. 1 Testimonials  
 25. 1. 1 A student who wishes to have a letter certifying his/her student status or attendance records 
may apply to the Registry for such a testimonial. 25. 1. 2 A student who wishes to have a personal recommendation or reference letter should 
approach a teacher who knows him/her well. 25. 2 Transcripts  
 
25. 2.

--- Segment 96 ---
2 Transcripts  
 
25. 2. 1 A student who wishes to apply for transfer or admission to another educational institution 
or for employment may apply to the Registry for an official transcript. 25. 2. 2 An official transcript shows the relevant particulars of a student, title of study programme
(Note 11), title(s) of Major programme(s), title(s) of Minor programme(s), title of 
Concentration, all courses taken, grades obtained, grade point averages, academic scholarships, academic awards, academic honours, attainment or non- attainment of the 
English language graduation requirement, and disciplinary actions taken, if any and as 
appropriate. 25. 2. 3 An official transcript will be sent directly by the Registry to the institution or prospective employer upon the student's request and payment of the prescribed fees and postage. 25.

--- Segment 97 ---
3 An official transcript will be sent directly by the Registry to the institution or prospective employer upon the student's request and payment of the prescribed fees and postage. 25. 2. 4 An official transcript is not issued to a student as a personal copy or to any private individual. 25. 2. 5 A student who has unofficially withdrawn from the University or has unpaid accounts or obligations due to the University will not be issued any transcript or testimonial. 25. 3 Academic Awards  
 25. 3.

--- Segment 98 ---
3 Academic Awards  
 25. 3. 1 By virtue of the Lingnan University Ordinance, Lingnan University is empowered to confer Degrees upon the approval of the University Senate on students who have fulfilled the requirements of an approved programme of studies. 25. 3. 2 Degrees are conferred at the annual Congregation or by the President as Chairman of the Senate before the annual Congregation. Note 11 On the transcript, for a student who graduates with double Majors, the study programme of the first Major  
     will be shown, e. g. Bachelor of Arts in Chinese, Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Science in  
     Data Science or Bachelor of Social Sciences, while that of the second Major will not be shown. The titles of  
     the two Majors will be shown.

--- Segment 99 ---
Bachelor of Arts in Chinese, Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Science in  
     Data Science or Bachelor of Social Sciences, while that of the second Major will not be shown. The titles of  
     the two Majors will be shown. 22 
 25. 3. 3 The certification of an academic award is in both Chinese and English and shows the full 
name of the recipient, the title of the degree with the classification where appropriate, and the title of the study programme concerned
(Note 12). The title of the Minor programme, if any, 
is not shown. 25. 3. 4 The certification of award bears the signatures of the Chairman of the Council, the President 
and the Registrar of the University, and the University seal. 25.

--- Segment 100 ---
4 The certification of award bears the signatures of the Chairman of the Council, the President 
and the Registrar of the University, and the University seal. 25. 3. 5 The University may withhold the conferment of an academic award to a student who has 
unpaid accounts or unreturned materials on loan due to the University, or who has not met 
any other obligations due to the University. 26. Course Coding System  
 
26. 1 Each course is identified by a unique course code which is composed of a letter code and a 
number code. The course code normally indicates the area of study, the intellectual demand 
placed on students and the recommended sequence of study. A sub- code in  the form of a 
small letter may be added to the number code where necessary to denote the topic the course 
covers. 26.

--- Segment 101 ---
A sub- code in  the form of a 
small letter may be added to the number code where necessary to denote the topic the course 
covers. 26. 2 Notwithstanding the above, a course in the Core Curriculum will be assigned a common 
core course code or a cluster course code. 26. 3 Letter Code 
 
26. 3. 1 This is the first part of the course code consisting of three characters which normally 
represents the study area of the course concerned or their status as Core Curriculum courses. The following letter codes are used:  
 
Letter Code  Subject Area/Common Core Course  
ACT  Accounting  
ADA  Animation and Digital Arts  
ARS  Arts (Note 13) 
BAI Business Analytics and Innovation 
BUS  General Business  
CCC  Common Core  
CDS  Computing and Data Sciences  
CHI Chinese  
CLA  Cluster Course -  Creativity and Innovation 
CLB  Cluster Course -  Humanities and the Arts  
CLC  Cluster Course -  Management and Society  
CLD  Cluster Course -  Science, Technology, Mathematics and Society   
CLE Cluster Course -  Values, Cultures and Societies  
CMI  Creative Media Industries  
CRE  Creativity  
CUS  Cultural Studies  
ECO  Economics  
ENG  English 
FIN Finance  
FRE French  
FVA Film and Visual Arts  
GDS  Global Development and Sustainability  
 
Note 12  On the graduation certificate, the title of the study programme may be adjusted if necessary. For a student who   
      graduates with double Majors, only the degree and the study programme of the first Major will be shown. Note 13  The “ARS” code wa s specially approved for interdisciplinary courses in the Faculty of Arts such as the  
      Directed Research Project for an interdisciplinary Major and a student -designed Major.

--- Segment 102 ---
For a student who   
      graduates with double Majors, only the degree and the study programme of the first Major will be shown. Note 13  The “ARS” code wa s specially approved for interdisciplinary courses in the Faculty of Arts such as the  
      Directed Research Project for an interdisciplinary Major and a student -designed Major. 23 
 GER  German  
GLA  Global Liberal Arts  
GOV  Government and International Affairs  
HRM  Human Resource Management  
HSM  Health and Social Services Management   
HST  History  
INL Integrated Learning 
JAP Japanese  
KOR  Korean  
LCC  Language and Communication -  Chinese  
LCE Language and Communication – English 
LUE  Lingnan University English 
MGT  Management  
MKT  Marketing  
MPA  Music and Performance Arts  
MUS  Music                                 
ORM  Operations and Risk Management  
PAI Philosophy and Artificial Intelligence  
PED  Physical Education 
PHI Philosophy  
PMS  Public Management and Smart Governance  
POL  Political Science  
PSY Psychology 
RIM  Risk and Insurance Management  
RUS  Russian  
SCE Sports Coaching and Event Management  
SCI Sciences  
SDA Social Data Science  
SLP Service Learning Programme  
SOC  Sociology 
SPA Spanish 
SSC Social Sciences  
TRA  Translation  
VIS Visual Studies  
 
26. 3. 2 Subject to the approval of the Senate, a course code may consist of two three -character letter 
codes to indicate the teaching department(s) and/or the programme(s) of the course. 26. 4 Number Code  
  This is the second part of the course code which consists of four digits. 26. 4. 1 Except for Core Curriculum courses, the first digit of the number code indicates the year in which the course is intended, viz.

--- Segment 103 ---
4. 1 Except for Core Curriculum courses, the first digit of the number code indicates the year in which the course is intended, viz. codes 1, 2, 3 and 4 are respectively used for courses intended to be taken in Years 1, 2, 3 and 4 respectively, as decided by t he course offering 
units. This aims to give some guidance to students only, and is not meant to restrict students to taking the courses according to the codes. 26. 4. 2 The first digit of the number code for the common core courses in the Core Curriculum is “8” while that for cluster courses in the Core Curriculum is “9”. 26. 4. 3 The second to fourth digits are serial numbers assigned to the course.

--- Segment 104 ---
4. 3 The second to fourth digits are serial numbers assigned to the course. Revis ed in December  2024, October 2025  
 
S/Academic Regulations for UG (4 yrs system)_ October 2025

