--- Segment 1 ---
Lingnan University  
 
Guidelines for Using Generative Artificial Intelligence (GAI) Tools1  
at Lingnan University  
 
 
From  the 2023 -24 academic year, Lingnan University has provided teach ing staff2 and students 
with access to ChatGPT and several other  GAI tools. In July 2023, the Teaching and Learning 
Centre publish ed the “Best Practices for Ethical and Responsible Use of GAI Tools in Course 
Assessments” for faculty  and student reference. While Lingnan University enthusiastically embraces  innovative technolog ies in education, it 
firmly upholds the principle that students must adhere to rigorous standards of academic integrity 
in all forms  of assessment s3. The following guidelines are designed to help faculty  and students 
ethically integrate GAI tools into their teaching, learning, and assessment practices. 1. Teaching Staff  
 
1. 1 Outcome -based Assessment, Teaching, and Learning  
 
Teaching staff can incorporate GAI into course design, learning activities, 
assignments, and assessments in line with outcome -based assessment, teaching, and 
learning principles, and the corresponding Qualifications Framework (QF) level. Any 
minor or majo r changes to the course, including but not limited to learning outcomes, 
assessment methods, rubrics, etc. , should follow existing policies for approval (refer 
to Chapter 5 of the Academic Quality Assurance (AQA) Manual). Teaching staff 
should use proper referencing for course materials, assessment s, and related teaching 
information, such as APA style or other accepted formats approved by academic units.

--- Segment 2 ---
, should follow existing policies for approval (refer 
to Chapter 5 of the Academic Quality Assurance (AQA) Manual). Teaching staff 
should use proper referencing for course materials, assessment s, and related teaching 
information, such as APA style or other accepted formats approved by academic units. 1. 2 Effective Term 2, 2024 -25 
 
 From Term 2, 2024 -25, students are allowed  to use GAI tools to assist them in 
preparing assignments, assessments, and other educational practices. However, teaching staff may still seek prior approval from  the relevant  Head of 
Department/Programme Director NOT to allow students to use GAI tools ( in part or  
their entirety ) to prepar e assignments, assessments, and other educational practices. For the Head of Department/Programme Director and Dean, who are the teach ing staff 
of the course, a next level of approval  should be obtained. Teaching staff should inform students at the beginning of the course, in the syllabus, 
or in other written formats that GAI tools are not permitted  (for use by students). All 
 
1 AI tools: A general term refers to GAI tools such as Midjourney, AI -enabled tools such as Grammarly, or any AI tools such as 
ChatGPT. 2 Teaching staff: A general term refers to staff involved in delivering the course including instructors, teaching assistants, course 
designers, and programme directors , etc. 3 Assessments: A general term refers to any form of assignments, tests, exams, exercises, quizzes, discussions,  presentations, 
and project works, etc.

--- Segment 3 ---
2 Teaching staff: A general term refers to staff involved in delivering the course including instructors, teaching assistants, course 
designers, and programme directors , etc. 3 Assessments: A general term refers to any form of assignments, tests, exams, exercises, quizzes, discussions,  presentations, 
and project works, etc. prescribed in a course. course syllab i should include an important note regarding the use of GAI tools  as set 
out in the course syllabus template. 1. 3 Equitable Access  
 Teaching staff should ensure that students have equal access to the necessary GAI 
tools before an assignment or assessment is allowed to use such tools. 1. 4 GAI Detection Tools  
Teaching staff using GAI tools should be aware of the ethical issues, and the 
limitations of various GAI detection tools such as Turnitin. 1. 5 Academic Dishonesty Handling  
Students' academic dishonesty regarding the misuse of GAI tools should be handled 
in accordance with Lingnan's existing policies.

--- Segment 4 ---
1. 5 Academic Dishonesty Handling  
Students' academic dishonesty regarding the misuse of GAI tools should be handled 
in accordance with Lingnan's existing policies. Please r efer to the policies listed 
below:  
 
• Regulations  Governing  University  Examinations  and Course  Work  
• Regulations  Governing the  Discipline  of Students  
 
2. Students  
 
2. 1 Declaration  
From  Term 2, 2024 -25, students may use GAI tools to support  their studies unless 
informed otherwise by their teaching staff . However , students must declare the use 
of GAI tools or other GAI technolog ies in their assignments and assessments using a 
sample template  provided  in the “ Best Practices for Ethical and Responsible Use of 
GAI Tools in Course Assessments” (issued by the Teaching and Learning Centre in 
Term 1, 2023 -24). The following paragraph is also acceptable as an alternative:  
 
“I/We __(name/s)_________ declare that Generative AI tool/s has/have  been used 
to prepare the submitted work for _____course and 
assignment/assessment_____________. ”  
 
2. 2 Citation  
Students should use proper referencing for written assignments, projects, and reports, 
such as APA style (preferably) or other accepted formats approved by academic units. References can be obtained from the following websites:  
 
• APA style: https://apastyle.

--- Segment 5 ---
2 Citation  
Students should use proper referencing for written assignments, projects, and reports, 
such as APA style (preferably) or other accepted formats approved by academic units. References can be obtained from the following websites:  
 
• APA style: https://apastyle. apa. org/blog/how -to-cite-chatgpt  
• Chicago style: 
https://www. chicagomanualofstyle. org/qanda/data/faq/topics/Documentation/faq
0422. html  
 
 
2. 3 Academic Integrity  
All submitted work must comply with  Lingnan University’s examination and 
coursework regulations, which include clear guidance  on plagiarism. The University's 
relevant  regulations are listed below  for easy reference, and violati ons of these 
regulations will result in  serious consequences. • Regulations  Governing  Undergraduate  (UG)  Studies  (for UG students  only)  
• Regulations  Governing  Research  Postgraduate (RPg)  Studies  (for RPg students  
only)  
• Regulations  Governing  Taught  Doctoral/Master’s  Degree  Programmes   
 (for TPg students  only)  
• Regulations  Governing  University  Examinations  and Course  Work  
• Regulations  Governing the  Discipline  of Students  
 
For details, refer to Chapters 3 -4 of the AQA Manual .

--- Segment 6 ---
The University's 
relevant  regulations are listed below  for easy reference, and violati ons of these 
regulations will result in  serious consequences. • Regulations  Governing  Undergraduate  (UG)  Studies  (for UG students  only)  
• Regulations  Governing  Research  Postgraduate (RPg)  Studies  (for RPg students  
only)  
• Regulations  Governing  Taught  Doctoral/Master’s  Degree  Programmes   
 (for TPg students  only)  
• Regulations  Governing  University  Examinations  and Course  Work  
• Regulations  Governing the  Discipline  of Students  
 
For details, refer to Chapters 3 -4 of the AQA Manual . Students should not present GAI -generated work (in part or in whole) as their own, as 
this is considered a violation of academic integrity. For coursework/assessments 
where the GAI tool is permitted, students who are found to have used GAI -generated 
work in their coursework/assessment s but have forgotten  to declare this will be 
committing  an act of academic dishonesty. For coursework/assessments where the GAI tool is not permitted, students who are 
found to have submitted GAI -generated work as part of their work will be committing  
an act of academic dishonesty. 2. 4 Potential Biases  
Students are advised to be aware  of the potential biases, inaccuracies, intellectual 
property (IP) rights, and limitations of GAI tools and to use them responsibly and 
ethically to maintain academic integrity. Approved in October 2024

