--- Segment 1 ---
1 LANGUAGE POLICY 
1. General
T
he guiding principle underpinning the Language Policy at Lingnan University is the  provision of a
high quality bilingual (Chinese /English) personnel for Hong Kong. The  community at large, and the
business community in particular, requires a bilingual  workforce if Hong Kong is to maintain its
competitive edge over other Southeast Asian regions as  the focal point of international trade. The
institution shares the view  that there is an urgent need to enhance language proficiency in both Chinese
and English in Hong Kong generally and in educational institutions in particular. It further  believes that
the maintenance of high levels of language proficiency will remain an  on-going central focus . 2. Med
ium of Instruction
E
nglish and Chinese are the two official languages of Hong Kong. In line with the  mission of the
University to become a distinctive liberal arts university of international repute, the University has
adopted a policy of internationalisation of its student body. In view of the need for Hong Kong to
remain cosmopolitan and for our students to be prepared to engage in an increasingly globalised society,
it is essential that the  University provides a cross -cultural learning environment that promotes
international exposure and understanding. The University recognises the importance of English as an
international lingua franca.

--- Segment 2 ---
In view of the need for Hong Kong to
remain cosmopolitan and for our students to be prepared to engage in an increasingly globalised society,
it is essential that the  University provides a cross -cultural learning environment that promotes
international exposure and understanding. The University recognises the importance of English as an
international lingua franca. I
n this light, apart from language courses, courses in the Chinese and Translation Departments, and
some courses specially approved to be taught in Chinese, all  courses are normally taught in English,
although Cantonese and/or Putonghua may be used supplementar ily as well,  as appropriate. 3. E
ntry Levels
L
ingnan University requires students to have at least level 3 for both English Language and Chinese
Language at the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) examination, or equivalent. T
he University is committed to enforcing this entrance requirement policy on language proficiency. I
n the case of non- JUPAS entrants where candidates may have very different  educational backgrounds,
the University reserves the right to exercise its freedom and  judgement in offering a study place. However, to protect the legitimate interests of the  community and the integrity of high level language
proficiency, all such candidates  are required to show evidence of linguistic proficiency commensurate
with tertiary  level study. 4. E
xit Levels
T
o ensure graduates attain an appropriate level of competency in English before graduation, the
University institutes an English language graduation requirement.

--- Segment 3 ---
4. E
xit Levels
T
o ensure graduates attain an appropriate level of competency in English before graduation, the
University institutes an English language graduation requirement. Students admitted in the 2017-18
academic year or after  (except for those admitted to Year 3 in 2017-18) shall attain a minimum overall
band score in the International English Language Testing System (IELTS)  (or an equivalent
qualification)  before they can graduate. I
n addition, all students, and particularly final year students , are encouraged to take language tests on
a voluntary basis in order to establish their levels of proficiency in Putonghua and written Chinese atexit from the University. These tests are general proficiency tests aimed at providing information on
students’ language proficiency levels to themselves, their teachers and their future employers. F
or Putonghua, students can take the Putonghua Proficiency Test (PSC), designed by China National
2 
 Language Commission (CNLC) and administered in Lingnan, as the Lingnan University Oral Chinese 
Test. For the Written Chinese Proficiency Test, students can take the University’s own test, which was designed with and accredited by the CNLC via a collaborative research effort. The results of tests are 
printed in separate certificates, which are designed to provide employers with a useful reference as an additional qualification for job applications. Further information about language proficiency tests can be obtained from the Centre for English and Additional Languages (CEAL) and the Chinese Language Education and Assessment Centre (CLEAC). 5.

--- Segment 4 ---
Further information about language proficiency tests can be obtained from the Centre for English and Additional Languages (CEAL) and the Chinese Language Education and Assessment Centre (CLEAC). 5. The Place of English and Chinese in the Curriculum  
 
To ensure that students meet the language targets established in the University’s  curriculum, the 
provision of English language courses is guaranteed in all degree programmes and students are required 
to take English courses to enhance  their language proficiency. There is also the issue of the importance of language across the curriculum. The  University accepts that 
studying an academic discipline in a language not one’s  own (i. e. English) puts added strain on the 
learning process. Academic departments  should nominate one staff member to liaise closely with 
CEAL in an effort to sensitise teaching staff to problem areas and to consider strategies for  remediation. Academic programmes (except for BA Chinese) should introduce some elements of  English language 
assessment in  their assessments or/and final examinations so as to instill in students the requirement  of 
effective and accurate communication in the workplace. It is noted that the spoken Chinese in Hong Kong is the Cantonese dialect but that the  written form 
follows the grammatical rules of Putonghua.

--- Segment 5 ---
Academic programmes (except for BA Chinese) should introduce some elements of  English language 
assessment in  their assessments or/and final examinations so as to instill in students the requirement  of 
effective and accurate communication in the workplace. It is noted that the spoken Chinese in Hong Kong is the Cantonese dialect but that the  written form 
follows the grammatical rules of Putonghua. With increasingly frequent exchanges between Hong Kong and the mainland, raising the proficiency level of university students’ Putonghua will further 
enhance their employability and competitiveness in their future workplaces. Accordingly, the 
University  emphasises the importance of teaching Chinese writing skills so as to enable students  to 
deal effectively with C hinese communication . The University recognises the increasing need for graduates with professionally effective proficiency in Putonghua  and written Chinese to serve in the business and government arenas, particularly as Hong 
Kong integrates further into the Greater Bay Area development. The University well utilizes  the Hong 
Kong Government’s funding support  to strengthen the provision of Putonghua in the  University 
Chinese/Putonghua curriculum. The University’s Putonghua  and oral test for students’ proficiency at graduate level has always been 
the Putonghua Shuiping Ceshi  (PSC) (also known as the N ational Putonghua Proficiency Test ) 
developed by China State Language Commission. The PSC test has been used to replace the previous 
SAR Language Proficiency Assessment for Teachers  (Putonghua)  since 2024 in the HKSAR. This 
ensures that the University's Putonghua assessment is up- to-date and directly relevant to the language 
proficiency required for the Hong Kong and the greater China ’s job market and public sectors. 6.

--- Segment 6 ---
This 
ensures that the University's Putonghua assessment is up- to-date and directly relevant to the language 
proficiency required for the Hong Kong and the greater China ’s job market and public sectors. 6. Language Enhancement Initiatives  
 In a determined effort to improve language proficiency in English and Chinese, all  UGC -funded 
institutions receive substantial extra funds. T he University supplements these funds with its own 
resources  to provide a rich array of language activities  for maximiz ing learning experience, boosting 
learner’s  interest, and addressing individual  learning  need s. The University employs these funds to provide extra classroom teaching in general  English, Putonghua  
and written Chinese for students. In addition, the "CHAMPINE Programme" leverages artificial 
3 
 intelligence and educational technology to innovate learning approaches, offering experiential learning 
opportunities through extra -curricular Chinese language training and study tours, enriching students’ 
cultural and linguistic experiences beyond the cla ssroom. Similarly,  the English Language Support 
Service (ELSS) provides a unique and invaluable learning environment for all students at Lingnan University offering a variety of formal and informal extra- curricular language programmes and 
activities designed to enhance and improve their use of English both academically and socially. T he 
Multimedia and  Language Learning Centre (which incorporates other language learning initiatives)  
encourages students self -responsibility for language improvement in English and Chinese as well  as in 
other languages. The University constantly seeks new and effective ways to utilise these funds to the greatest advantage of its students, including supporting teaching and learning research projects  that aim to further enhance 
the quality and excellence of teaching and learning across disciplines  in the digital era . 7.

--- Segment 7 ---
The University constantly seeks new and effective ways to utilise these funds to the greatest advantage of its students, including supporting teaching and learning research projects  that aim to further enhance 
the quality and excellence of teaching and learning across disciplines  in the digital era . 7. Language Choice in University Meetings  
 In line with current conventions in Hong Kong tertiary education, the language in which University 
meetings are conducted will remain in English. However, there are  occasions when the use of Chinese 
may be preferred, especially in connection with student participation, and the University accepts in 
principle the use of Chinese as a  working language. This is subject to appropriate notification of intent 
to use Chinese  and the availability of appropriate translation services for non- Chinese speakers. Revisions approved in O ct 2024 and Oct 2025

