--- Segment 1 ---
1 
 Learning and Teaching Statement  
Lingnan University  
 
Rationale  and Objective s 
 
This statement of learning and teaching at Lingnan University is intended to assist in the 
ongoing journey towards developing a more comprehensive and complete framework that 
provides a rich,  broad -based  and fulfilling liberal arts  student experience. The document is 
intended to:  
 
• draw from the literature those facets that are recognized to be good learning and teaching 
strategies;  
• highlight and celebrate the long tradition of a liberal arts education practised at the 
University;  
• help identify strategies and future directions for the development of the unique Lingnan 
learning and teaching environment;  
• identify areas of strength in the current learning and teaching environment, and those 
that would benefit from  further development;  
• further develop synergies between learning, teaching, community engagement, and the 
scholarship of the teaching; and  
• encourage self -reflection on, and collective review of best practices in teaching, 
learning, programme review, and in the professional development of academic staff as 
teachers. The Lingnan Mission  
 
The Lingnan University model for Learning and Teaching derives from the Liberal Arts 
tradition of a broadly based curriculum where a student -centred approach to learning and 
teaching is paramount. At Lingnan, students experience curricula  in which  higher levels of 
intellectual discourse  requiring analytical thinking and independent research capabilities are 
considered fundamental to the student experience. Learning and teaching at Lingnan does not simply  involve the formal periods in the classroom. The learning and teaching environment at Lingnan is predicated on small group teaching, close 
staff–student relationships and a rich student experience , including  the integrated learning 
program me (ILP), Service -Learning , hostel life, and student societies. In addition, the Lingnan 
model embraces innovative teaching and learning practices that include internships, overseas 
field trips, language immersion studies, d irected research projects, blended learning and 
cooperative learning, along with inquiry - and case -based learning. The k ey aims of the University , and of the multidimensional approach to  learning  and teaching, 
are to instill a sense of civic duty in Lingnan  students, and to cultivate skills, comp etencies and 
sensibilities that enable graduates to thrive within, and contribute to,  a rapidly changing social, 
cultural and economic environment. Thus, the undergraduate education experience at Lingnan 
aims to produce graduates  who possess the following attributes:    
 
Scholarly and Interdisciplinary : 
• LU graduates will have a secure grounding in a chosen academic field(s) and cross -
disciplinary applications. 2 
  
Digitally Literate : 
• LU graduates will have proficiency in technology.

--- Segment 2 ---
Thus, the undergraduate education experience at Lingnan 
aims to produce graduates  who possess the following attributes:    
 
Scholarly and Interdisciplinary : 
• LU graduates will have a secure grounding in a chosen academic field(s) and cross -
disciplinary applications. 2 
  
Digitally Literate : 
• LU graduates will have proficiency in technology. Skilled Communicator : 
• LU graduates will have excellent communication skills, including oral and written 
English and Chinese (Putonghua as well as Cantonese) skills. Critical and Analytical : 
• LU graduates will demonstrate independent critical thinking and strong analytic 
competence. Creative and Entrepreneurial : 
• LU graduates will be creative problem -solvers and be capable planners, and 
entrepreneurs. Committed to Service : 
• LU graduates will have a commitment to service to the community. Glocally Minded : 
• LU graduates will have a global and local (a Glocal) outlook with the ability to 
understand various cultural perspectives. Personally and Socially Responsible : 
• LU graduates will have tolerance, integrity, civility and a sense of responsibility. Committed to Life -long Learning : 
• LU graduates will have a desire for life -long learning. Internationali sation  
 
The University is committed to expanding the horizons of students, particularly in terms of 
internationali sation .

--- Segment 3 ---
Committed to Life -long Learning : 
• LU graduates will have a desire for life -long learning. Internationali sation  
 
The University is committed to expanding the horizons of students, particularly in terms of 
internationali sation . Strengthening the internationali sation of the student body has been 
accomplished by actively supporting inbound and outbound student exchange programmes, 
recruitment of non -local undergraduate students, securing and sustaining partnerships with 
overseas and Mainland universities, offering a var iety of international Service -Learning  
programmes and summer institutes , as well as providing a wide -range of activities and 
programmes to enhance the integration between local and non -local students. The University’s 
international recognition has also bee n enhanced by engaging in a range of international 
practices and activities involving students, faculty members, and supported by pro -active 
policies and programmes . Good principles for effective university teaching  
 
Teaching in Higher Education “starts from the premise that University teachers … take 
the main responsibility for what and how their students learn … and it is the teacher's 
responsibility to create the conditions in which understanding is possible, and th e 
students responsibility is to take advantage of that” (Laurillard, 1993, Introduction). 3 
 The learning and teaching environment  at Lingnan University is predicated on a liberal arts 
philosophy and fostering student attainment of the Lingnan  University  Graduate Attributes. There are a number of principles that may be considered central to this philosophy. They are:  
 
• significant and strong relationships between students and staff in order to improve 
student engagement, motivation and managing the ir intellectual development ; 
• the development of readiness for lifelong learning ; 
• the development and creation of a learning environment that emphasizes  active learning 
amongst students;  
• a curriculum that provides both summative and formative feedback in a timely fashion;  
• developing a culture of reflective practice, including responding to student feedback, in 
order to inform and improve the learning and teaching environment. This Statement  also affirms that while there is no one single ‘best’ way to teach, the research 
literature has identified a number of factors that are generally agreed to be indicative of good 
teaching. They include:  
 
➢ communicating and sharing the passion a 
teacher holds for their subject;  ➢ developing a curriculum in which the 
activities and material s stimulate , and 
engage students  in active learning ; 
➢ the capacity to make the learning 
outcomes very clear, including what 
students have to demonstrate, the level 
required, and the reasons why;  ➢ encouraging and supporting student 
independence;  
➢ a focus on key concepts and addressing 
students misconceptions rather than 
covering content ; ➢ providing high quality and timely 
feedback about student work;  
➢ the ability to adapt and improvise when 
the occasion calls for it;  ➢ explaining content and concepts , using 
clear and appropriate language, and 
engaging students at the ir level of 
comprehension;  
➢ careful ly designed  assessment tasks  
which are aligned with the intended 
learning outcomes ;  ➢ responding to and learning from student 
feedback , using this as one of the bases 
for improv ing learning and teaching.

--- Segment 4 ---
This Statement  also affirms that while there is no one single ‘best’ way to teach, the research 
literature has identified a number of factors that are generally agreed to be indicative of good 
teaching. They include:  
 
➢ communicating and sharing the passion a 
teacher holds for their subject;  ➢ developing a curriculum in which the 
activities and material s stimulate , and 
engage students  in active learning ; 
➢ the capacity to make the learning 
outcomes very clear, including what 
students have to demonstrate, the level 
required, and the reasons why;  ➢ encouraging and supporting student 
independence;  
➢ a focus on key concepts and addressing 
students misconceptions rather than 
covering content ; ➢ providing high quality and timely 
feedback about student work;  
➢ the ability to adapt and improvise when 
the occasion calls for it;  ➢ explaining content and concepts , using 
clear and appropriate language, and 
engaging students at the ir level of 
comprehension;  
➢ careful ly designed  assessment tasks  
which are aligned with the intended 
learning outcomes ;  ➢ responding to and learning from student 
feedback , using this as one of the bases 
for improv ing learning and teaching. Engaging students actively in  learning  
 
A wealth of research literature shows that encouraging students to adopt a deep appro ach to 
learning results in higher level, and higher quality learning outcomes. Students who adopt a 
deep approach to learning are also more likely to be satisfied with their learning experiences. Paramount to the student approach to their learning is the manner in which individual instructors 
design their curricula and the learning experiences and activities to engage students ’ curiosity 
and interest . Effective teaching focuses on, and has an explicit expectation  that students should 
be aiming to achieve hi gher level learning outcomes. At Lingnan , academic staff are encouraged to take utmost care in crafting teaching 
methodologies that require students to adopt  an active  role in the learning  process . One key 
aspect of this is ensuring that students perceive that there is c lear alignment between the 
intended learning outcomes and the course -related activities that they  are required to  undertake . 4 
 Another key aspect is that the students receive high-quality and frequent feedback,  thereby 
increasing the likelihood that they will achiev e high quality learning outcomes. Cooperative learning, inquiry -based, case -based and/or problem -based learning have all been 
shown to increase student engagement in their learning  and are central to the Lingnan 
experience .

--- Segment 5 ---
4 
 Another key aspect is that the students receive high-quality and frequent feedback,  thereby 
increasing the likelihood that they will achiev e high quality learning outcomes. Cooperative learning, inquiry -based, case -based and/or problem -based learning have all been 
shown to increase student engagement in their learning  and are central to the Lingnan 
experience . Problem -based learning is commonly used to  help students consolidate the theories 
and concepts they have learned and to apply them in real situations, thereby enriching their 
learning experiences and strengthening their problem -solving skills. Problem -based assessment 
tasks are adopted, for example, in the forms of projects, where students work individually or in 
teams to engage their active, independent and cooperative learning of the subject matter. Course 
instructors shall articulate the problem -based ap proach more explicitly to students in class, 
especially when some assignments for that purpose are given to students. For courses which 
emphasize and depend upon learning designs that involv e student collaboration and/or 
cooperation , it is especially important that the teacher s ensure that desired individual student 
contributions and student accountability are clearly articulated in the documentation given to 
students  abou t the curriculum design, intended learning outcomes, and in assessment 
guidelines, task briefings or rubrics. Learning at Lingnan extends well beyond the classroom. The co -curriculum supports a raft of 
opportunities for students to engage in activities that involve them actively in developing 
knowledge, skills and life -long learning habits. For example, the  ILP, student -mentoring  and 
student exchange programmes,  university  requirements for service -learning , hostel life, and 
student societies all offer opportunities for students to learn and develop the skills and 
knowledge expected of a Lingnan Graduate . Aligning the curriculum  
 
Curriculum alignment , whereby the intended learning outcomes and the means by which 
students are required to demonstrate these outcomes, need to be articulated, shared and 
explained to students.

--- Segment 6 ---
For example, the  ILP, student -mentoring  and 
student exchange programmes,  university  requirements for service -learning , hostel life, and 
student societies all offer opportunities for students to learn and develop the skills and 
knowledge expected of a Lingnan Graduate . Aligning the curriculum  
 
Curriculum alignment , whereby the intended learning outcomes and the means by which 
students are required to demonstrate these outcomes, need to be articulated, shared and 
explained to students. The Biggs model (Table 1) of curriculum alignment is one that has wide 
support from institutions  around the globe  and in the research  literature . It is important that the 
focus of curriculum design is on achieving the intended student learning outcomes at the course 
and programme levels. It follows that course outlines, provided to studen ts at the beginning of 
the term  specif y the intended learning outcomes, describe the assessment tasks, through which 
students are required to demonstrate their level of achievement of the learning outcomes, and 
clearly indicate what other course -related activities are required of students, whe ther within or 
outside the classroom. Course outlines also need to state and explain the course aims, 
summarize the content coverage, indicate required readings or other reference materials, and 
provide guidance on optional resources. Table 1: Curriculum alignment  
 
Teaching Activities   Curriculum Outcomes   Assessment Tasks  
Intended to support students to 
develop modes of study that 
promote their achievement of 
the intended learning 
outcomes. Are described (with the use of 
appropriate verbs) in a manner 
that makes it clear to students 
the learning outcomes the 
teaching activities are 
designed to support. The range of assessment tasks 
provide the means for students 
to demonstrate their learning 
outcomes . 5 
 (After Biggs, 1999, 2003)  
 
For courses that are taught by more than one teacher and/or  a number of concurrent sections, it 
is expected  that a single document will articulat e what students will experience if they take the 
course , regardless of the section they are in.

--- Segment 7 ---
The range of assessment tasks 
provide the means for students 
to demonstrate their learning 
outcomes . 5 
 (After Biggs, 1999, 2003)  
 
For courses that are taught by more than one teacher and/or  a number of concurrent sections, it 
is expected  that a single document will articulat e what students will experience if they take the 
course , regardless of the section they are in. Such a document will specif y a common 
framework,  while indicating where there is flexibility or leeway in the assessment tasks 
expected of students . For example, students in all sections may perform a common assessment 
task, which is assessed with reference to a common conse nsus rubric or common set of 
assessment criteria, but with a choice of topics. Engaging in effective assessment practices  
 
In Hong Kong , the University Grants Committee has mandated an outcomes -based approach to 
teaching and learning. There is an expectation that institutions will move towards  the adoption 
of criterion -based models of evaluating student performance on assessment tasks. Within 
Lingnan University’s assessment guidelines , the principles of fair, open and transparent 
assessment practices have been more fully articulated. In summary, the following are expected : 
➢ Students  will be aware of the criteria for each assessment task, and will know how to 
apply  them;  
➢ Instructors will clearly articulate to students what the assessment requirements and 
marking processes are;  
➢ Within each programme , the various  assessment tasks  will together  reflect the broad -
based nature of a Liberal arts curriculum ; 
➢ Assessment tasks will encompass both breadth across and depth within a subject 
domain;  
➢ Within each course, one or more of the assessment tasks will provide substantial 
opportunity for students to demonstrate outstanding performance relative to the 
academic level of the course ; 
➢ Within each course, students will be provided with timely feedback as to their academic 
progress and guidance on how they might further improve. It is also acknowledged  that there will be a steady progression in the level of difficulty and 
demands made upon students as they move closer to graduation. Further detail s regarding the 
assessment guidelines may be found in the Lingnan University Assessment Guidelines 
document.

--- Segment 8 ---
It is also acknowledged  that there will be a steady progression in the level of difficulty and 
demands made upon students as they move closer to graduation. Further detail s regarding the 
assessment guidelines may be found in the Lingnan University Assessment Guidelines 
document. Promotion of quality teaching practices  
 
As a Liberal Arts University with a strong commitment to high quality teaching , Lingnan 
University recognizes the importance of adopting rigorous metrics for evaluat ing teaching, 
along with a means of recognizing and reward ing excellent teaching . All courses undergo 
student evaluation using the Course Teaching and Learning Evaluation instrument. Such 
information is used:  
 
➢ as evidence for confirmation of probation in the first year of employment as a teacher;  
➢ to support applications for contract renewal, tenure or promotion;  
➢ as part of the evidence required for teaching awards;  
➢ as a component  of teachers ’ curriculum vitae; and  
➢ as material to  support personal reflections by the teacher. 6 
  
One of the key drivers  for promot ing and supporting  excellent teaching is the Teaching 
Excellen ce Awards Scheme. This biennial event seeks to identify individual teachers who have 
clearly demonstrated : 
 
➢ a high level of competence across a wide range of teaching skills;  
➢ strong commitment to the requirements of the discipline;  
➢ deep concern for student learning;  
➢ passionate interest in the continual improvement of teaching and the development of 
teaching innovations; and  
➢ devoted contribution s to the design/ administration of course s and/or programmes . Blending the learning environment: The place of eLearning  
 
The use of i nformation and communication technologies (ICTs) in the context of education 
(eLearning) continue s to grow and develop  and is having  a major impact on the student learning 
experience at all levels: social, academic and professional. Through the Teaching and Learning 
Centre, the Library, and the Information Technology Services Centre, the University provides 
considerable support for the use of ICTs as powerful means of enriching and enhancing teaching 
and learning, and of facilitating the assessm ent of learning outcomes. While there is no 
mandated use for ICTs within the University, blended l earning pedagogies such as flipped 
classroom, classroom response systems, are encouraged to complement with face -to-face 
teaching; furthermore, search engines, online scholarly resources, networking and collaboration 
tools, and other ICTs offer powerful opportunities for teachers and students alike to engage, 
collaborate, and communicate more effectively while undertaking research, analysis, writing, 
and other academic work, and to reconceptualize the learning and teaching environment in the 
light of contemporary affordances.

--- Segment 9 ---
Through the Teaching and Learning 
Centre, the Library, and the Information Technology Services Centre, the University provides 
considerable support for the use of ICTs as powerful means of enriching and enhancing teaching 
and learning, and of facilitating the assessm ent of learning outcomes. While there is no 
mandated use for ICTs within the University, blended l earning pedagogies such as flipped 
classroom, classroom response systems, are encouraged to complement with face -to-face 
teaching; furthermore, search engines, online scholarly resources, networking and collaboration 
tools, and other ICTs offer powerful opportunities for teachers and students alike to engage, 
collaborate, and communicate more effectively while undertaking research, analysis, writing, 
and other academic work, and to reconceptualize the learning and teaching environment in the 
light of contemporary affordances. Many professional fields, into which many of Lingnan’s graduates routinely go, require 
significant skills in the use of ICTs , and the University has taken a major step , mandat ing the 
introduction of a compulsory  Information Technology  Fluency test together with self -study 
resources to ensure that  students become sufficiently ICT literate . Addressing quality in teaching and learning  
 
The University  is committed to maintaining excellence in teaching and learning  and actively 
supports evidence gathering processes (e. g. , analysis of data about student performance on core 
assessment tasks, evaluations of teaching effectiveness and courses, achievement of Graduate 
Attributes, Alumni and Employer feedback) that gather feedback from students and staff in 
order to continuously improve the student experience and maximize student learning outcomes  
and Graduate Attributes. The evidence is disseminated to appro priate groups and/or 
individuals. The information gathered demonstrates that the development of L ingnan 
University Graduate Attributes  is highly correlated with the academic experiences of the 
students, particularly in the realm of development of critical thinking skills, interpersonal skills, 
self-managed learning, and problem solving skills. There is also substantive evidence that the 
unique nature of the Liberal Arts philosophy and the Lingnan student experience of small class 
sizes and close teacher -student relationships are seen by many students as some of the most 
important and defining features of their university experiences. In addition, the co -curriculum 
7 
 is evaluated on an annual basis and provides further evidence of the value students place on the 
breadth of experience provided by the university.

--- Segment 10 ---
There is also substantive evidence that the 
unique nature of the Liberal Arts philosophy and the Lingnan student experience of small class 
sizes and close teacher -student relationships are seen by many students as some of the most 
important and defining features of their university experiences. In addition, the co -curriculum 
7 
 is evaluated on an annual basis and provides further evidence of the value students place on the 
breadth of experience provided by the university. The Core Curriculum  
 
As a key element of the 4 -year curriculum introduced in 2012, the Core Curriculum aims to 
provide students with a broad and balanced foundation, and exposure to the necessary range of 
subjects under the new academic structure in which a cohesive and all -round education is 
emphasi sed. In the new curriculum, the Core Curriculum is one of the keys to achieving the 
broad goals of a Liberal Arts education. The Core Curriculum forms an essential part of the undergraduate curriculum experienced by 
students. The core curriculum courses are not just a peripheral or additional year of foundation 
study, but will be embedded and integrated with the major discipline s throughout their four 
years of study to ensure continuity between the core and majors as well as contributing to the 
development of the Lingnan University  Graduate Attributes and providing evidence for 
progression of student development. The C ore Curricu lum is expected to provide a firm 
intellectual foundation for Lingnan students, enhancing their ability to think critically and tackle 
social, cultural, moral and ethical problems rationally. Service -Learning  
 
Service -Learning  is an integral part of the Lingnan University learning experience. It offers 
students opportunities to contribute to the well -being of society as a whole, and aims to foster 
commitment to involvement in and service to the community, develop citizenship sk ills and 
knowledge, and cultivate other Lingnan University  Graduate Attributes. When undertaking 
Service -Learning  as part of a credit -bearing course offered by an academic department, students 
draw on theoretical knowledge and methods acqui red through academic study to inform the 
provision of services to the community, and to reflect on the process of civic engagement.

--- Segment 11 ---
It offers 
students opportunities to contribute to the well -being of society as a whole, and aims to foster 
commitment to involvement in and service to the community, develop citizenship sk ills and 
knowledge, and cultivate other Lingnan University  Graduate Attributes. When undertaking 
Service -Learning  as part of a credit -bearing course offered by an academic department, students 
draw on theoretical knowledge and methods acqui red through academic study to inform the 
provision of services to the community, and to reflect on the process of civic engagement. By 
engaging in Service -Learning , students have the opportunity to develop many of the 
interpersonal and organizational skills that the University values so highly, including tolerance, 
civility and a sense of personal responsibility. Bibliography  
 
Biggs, J. (1999). What the student does: Teaching for enhanced learning. Higher Education 
Research and Development, 18 (1), 57 -75. Biggs, J. B. (2003).

--- Segment 12 ---
B. (2003). Teaching for quality learning at university  (2nd ed. ). Buckingham: Open 
University Press. Brew, A. , & Boud, D. (1995). Teaching and Research: Establishing the Vital Link with 
Learning. Higher Education , 29(3), 261 -273.

--- Segment 13 ---
Teaching and Research: Establishing the Vital Link with 
Learning. Higher Education , 29(3), 261 -273. Retrieved from 
http://www. jstor. org/stable/3447715 . Gibbs, G. , & Habeshaw, T. (1992). Preparing to Teach: An Introduction to Effective Teaching 
in Higher Education  (2nd ed. ).

--- Segment 14 ---
Preparing to Teach: An Introduction to Effective Teaching 
in Higher Education  (2nd ed. ). Technical & Educational Services Ltd. James, R. , McInnis, C. & Devlin, M. (2002). Assessing learning in Australian Universities. Ideas, strategies and resources for quality in student assessment. Canberra: Centre for the 
Study of Higher Education, The University of Melbourne, Retrieved 2 Aug.

--- Segment 15 ---
Ideas, strategies and resources for quality in student assessment. Canberra: Centre for the 
Study of Higher Education, The University of Melbourne, Retrieved 2 Aug. 2011 from 
http://www. cshe. unimelb. edu. au/assessinglearning/docs/AssessingLearning. pdf . Kember, D. , & McNaught, C.

--- Segment 16 ---
Kember, D. , & McNaught, C. (2007). Enhancing university teaching: Lessons from research 
8 
 into award -winning teachers. London: Routledge Falmer. Laurillard, D. (1993). Rethinking university teaching: A framework for the effective use of 
educational technology . London: Routledge. Laurillard, D.

--- Segment 17 ---
London: Routledge. Laurillard, D. (2002). Rethinking university teaching: A conversational framework for the 
effective use of learning technologies  (2nd ed. ). London: Routledge Falmer. Prosser, M. , & Trigwell, K. (1999 ). Understanding Learning and Teaching: The Experience in 
Higher Education.

--- Segment 18 ---
(1999 ). Understanding Learning and Teaching: The Experience in 
Higher Education. Open University Press . Ramsden, P. (2003). Learning to teach in higher education . London: Routledge. Samuelowicz , K. , & Bain, J. D.

--- Segment 19 ---
, & Bain, J. D. (2001). Revisiting academic beliefs about teaching and 
learning. Higher Education Research & Development, 41 , 299 -325. Updated in August 20 22

