--- Segment 1 ---
(2023. 08)    Page 1 of 2 Payment M ethod  outside Hong Kong  香港境外的付款方法  
 
1. Via Flywire 使用 Flywire  
• Lingnan University  accepts International Payments through Flywire wh ich allows you to pay from 
almost any country and any bank  in your home currency. 嶺南大學通過 Flywire接受國際 付費，讓您可以從幾乎任何國家和任何銀行 ，使用您當地的貨幣支
付費用。 • Depending on your remitting country, Flywire currently offer s the following payment options:  
根據您的匯款國家 /地區，Flywire目前提供下列付款方式：  
o Domestic Bank Transfer  國內銀行轉賬  
o eBanking  電子付款  
o Visa Card  信用卡  
o Master  Card  萬事達卡  
o American Express  美國運通  
o UnionPay  銀聯  
o Alipay  支付寶  
o PayPal  貝寶  
• Due to cost differences, students are reminded to note the exact amount s required before selecti ng 
their payment option s. 由於成本差異 ，同學在選擇付款方法 時，須留意所需 支付的確實金額。 • When making payment,  please enter  the 11-digit “Payment Reference Number ” shown on the 
“eTuition / eHostel Fee / eHostel Expenses  Note ”. 付款時，請輸入學費 /宿費 /宿舍雜費之 繳費通知書 所示的11位數字「賬單號碼」 
(Payment Reference Number) 。 • To pay via Flywire, please c lick here  or scan the QR code below . 請按此使用 Flywire付款，或掃描下方的QR碼。

--- Segment 2 ---
• To pay via Flywire, please c lick here  or scan the QR code below . 請按此使用 Flywire付款，或掃描下方的QR碼。 • For details of making international payments via Flywire, p lease click the following icons to refer to 
the Payer Guide  and introduction video s from Flywire . 有關通過 Flywire進行國際付款，請 點擊以下圖標以 參閱  「付款人指南 」及觀看介紹影片 。 Payer_Guide. pdf  
付款人指南  Introduction Video 
(English version)   
介紹影片  
（中文版）  
 

(2023. 08)    Page 2 of 2  
2. By Bank Draft 匯票  
• You may send a bank draft in Hong Kong Dollar in favour of “Lingnan University ” at the extract 
amount required to the address below. For identification purpose, please write down your  
student  full name , student number  and the 11-digital “Payment Reference Number ” shown on the 
“eTuition/ eHostel / eHostel Expenses  Fee Note ” at the back of the bank draft. Finance Office  – Accounts Receivable Division , 
1/F, Wong Administration Building,  
Lingnan University  
Tuen Mun, Hong Kong  
 
你可郵寄收款人為「嶺南大學」的銀行 港幣匯票到下列地址。

--- Segment 3 ---
For identification purpose, please write down your  
student  full name , student number  and the 11-digital “Payment Reference Number ” shown on the 
“eTuition/ eHostel / eHostel Expenses  Fee Note ” at the back of the bank draft. Finance Office  – Accounts Receivable Division , 
1/F, Wong Administration Building,  
Lingnan University  
Tuen Mun, Hong Kong  
 
你可郵寄收款人為「嶺南大學」的銀行 港幣匯票到下列地址。 為了識別匯款， 請在匯票背面寫上  
學生姓名、學生編號及學費 /宿費 /宿舍雜費之繳費通知書所示的 11位「賬單號碼 」 (Payment 
Reference Number) 。 香港屯門嶺南大學 黃氏行政大樓 1樓 
財務處  – 應收賬款部  
 
Important Notes 注意事項 ： 
1. All bank charges should be paid by the remittance and should not be deducted from the remittance. 匯款人需要自行支付所有涉及的匯款用 （包括收款銀行及代理銀行所收取的手續費 ），不可從匯款中
扣除。 2. In accordance with the University regulations, a penal ty of HK$500 , HK$300 and HK$30 will be charged 
on the late payment of tui tion fee , hostel fee and hostel miscellaneous expenses respective ly. 按照大學規定，逾期交學費的學生須繳罰款 500港元，逾期交宿費須繳交罰款 300元，而逾期 交宿
舍雜費須繳罰款 30港元。 3.

--- Segment 4 ---
按照大學規定，逾期交學費的學生須繳罰款 500港元，逾期交宿費須繳交罰款 300元，而逾期 交宿
舍雜費須繳罰款 30港元。 3. After settlement of the payment, students should keep a copy of the bank receipt, pay -in slip, cheque  or 
internet payment advice as proof of payment. It is not necessary to send it to FOAR unless the payment was 
made with an incorrect Payment Reference Number that requires our attention. It takes a few working days 
for the University system to process and  recognize the payment, and to update the eFee Note balance. 付款後，學生應保留銀行收據、付款單、支票或互聯網付款通知書的副本作為付款證明。 除非付款時
輸入錯誤的賬單編號  ，否則無需將其發送給 FOAR。 大學的系統需要幾個工作日來處理和確認付款，
並更新 eFee Note 的餘額。 4. For queries about  payment, please contact Ms.

--- Segment 5 ---
4. For queries about  payment, please contact Ms. Kan at (852) 2616 8815 / Ms. Wong at (852)  2616 8810 or 
send your message to FOAR@LN. edu. hk. Please provide your full name and your student ID in the email , 
without which we will be unable to locate you in the system, and thus cannot offer you any response. 有關付款的 查詢，請致電簡女士  (852) 2616 8815 / 黃女士  (852) 2616 8810 或發送電郵到
FOAR@LN. edu. hk 。

--- Segment 6 ---
edu. hk 。 請在電郵內註明你的 學生全名和學生編號 ，否則，我們將無法在系統中識別
你，並因此無法回覆你的查詢。

