--- Segment 1 ---
1 LINGNAN UNIVERSITY   
Policy on Language of Instruction  
for Undergraduate Programmes  
 
1. Our mission aims to become  a distinctive liberal arts university of international 
repute . When formulating the policy on language of instruction , a number of 
factors need to be taken into consideration. These include English being  an 
international  lingua franca  (especially in the commercial and academic sectors) , as 
well as the need for Hong  Kong to remain cosmopolitan and for our students to be 
prepared to engage in an increasingly globalised society. On the othe r hand, with 
the internationalis ation of student body , there are  a growing number of non -local 
students on campus , both on exchange s and as full -time degree -seeking students in 
our undergraduate programmes . It is essential that the University , with our liberal 
arts mission,  provides a cross -cultural learning environment that promotes 
international exposure and understanding. 2. In this light, a part from language courses and courses in the Chinese and 
Translation Departments, all courses are normally taught in  English . In addition, 
when Chinese is used for Chinese/translation courses, it should be specified 
whether it is in Cantonese or Putonghua. In case it is deemed necessary to 
supplement the teaching with some Canton ese/Putonghua to make it more effective, 
instructors should ensure that non -Cantonese or non -Putonghua speaking students 
will not be disadvantaged.

--- Segment 2 ---
In addition, 
when Chinese is used for Chinese/translation courses, it should be specified 
whether it is in Cantonese or Putonghua. In case it is deemed necessary to 
supplement the teaching with some Canton ese/Putonghua to make it more effective, 
instructors should ensure that non -Cantonese or non -Putonghua speaking students 
will not be disadvantaged. By adhering to this university policy, no exchange or 
non-local student s will be excluded from taking courses of  their choice merely 
because of  the language barrier. 3. In the Chinese and Translation Departments, due conside ration should be given to 
non-Cantonese speaking students from the Mainland by offering sufficient first -year 
courses taught in Putonghua. Furthermore, the Chinese Department and Translation 
Department are strongly encouraged to  offer a few courses entirely in English for 
the benefit of international students and Chinese Major students. 4. Nevertheless, the University is fully aware of the situation that there are courses for 
which the majority of reading materials are in Chinese to which there are no 
acceptable alternatives and/or the teaching and learning will not be effective if the 
language of instruction is English. For such courses, the instructors shall apply via 
their Heads of Department sNote for teaching the courses in Chinese (specifying 
Cantonese or Putonghua). The applications will be  presented for consideration by 
the Academi c Quality Assurance Committee  for Undergraduate Programmes  
 
Note For some courses in the undergraduate programmes under the Wu Jieh Yee  School of Interdisciplinary 
Studies which are directly offered by the School, the role of Head of Department is taken up by the 
Programme Director of respective undergraduate programme .

--- Segment 3 ---
For such courses, the instructors shall apply via 
their Heads of Department sNote for teaching the courses in Chinese (specifying 
Cantonese or Putonghua). The applications will be  presented for consideration by 
the Academi c Quality Assurance Committee  for Undergraduate Programmes  
 
Note For some courses in the undergraduate programmes under the Wu Jieh Yee  School of Interdisciplinary 
Studies which are directly offered by the School, the role of Head of Department is taken up by the 
Programme Director of respective undergraduate programme . The role of a Head of Department is 
taken up by the Person -in-Charge of the Division concerned. 2 (AQAC)  by March  of the year and  approval can be granted by the Senate for these 
courses to be taught in Chinese (Cantonese/Putonghua). 5. Apart from those abovementioned courses that shall be  taught in Chinese, some 
courses with language of instruction specified as English can be switched to be 
taught in Chinese (Cantonese/Putonghua) for pedagogic reasons and with 
pre-approval. The instructors shall apply for pre -approval from the AQAC via their 
Heads of Departments by March of the year for possible switch of the language of 
instruction to Chinese (Cantonese/Putonghua) after the add/drop period  in each term . (Note: Generally this pre -approval requirement does not apply to courses offered by 
the Chinese and Translation Departments as the normally taught in English principle 
does not apply to them. This requirement only applies to courses which are 
designated to be taught in English entirely by the two departments. )  
 
6.

--- Segment 4 ---
This requirement only applies to courses which are 
designated to be taught in English entirely by the two departments. )  
 
6. Due to the fact that a methodology course covers basic knowledge for certain 
disciplines and often addresses issues of universal concern, the application for 
switching the language of instruction to Chinese for methodology courses shall 
normally not be allowed, except for the Chinese Department. 7. The language of instruction to be used by each course  and, for courses that have 
obtained pre -approval as stated in paragraph 5 above, the potential for switch to 
Chinese (specifying Cantonese or Putonghua)  shall be clearly indicated in the Class 
Schedules published for each term for information and reference of students. Apart 
from the Class Schedules, the following details should be clearly spelt out in the 
relevant programme materials (e. g. course descriptions) for information and 
reference of students:  
 
 (a) Courses using a specified language of instruction other than English  (in the 
case of Chinese, Cantonese or Putonghua ); and  
 (b) Courses that require students to have working knowledge* of language(s) 
other than the specified language of instruction , i. e. the language requirement 
including that for the teaching materials.

--- Segment 5 ---
e. the language requirement 
including that for the teaching materials. * Working knowledge refers to basic ability to read and understand the language  as 
for example there may be courses taught in English with substantial  portion of  
reading materials in Chinese . 8. For courses with pre -approval of switch , after the student course add/drop period in 
each t erm, the course /section** can be switched to be taught in Cantonese or 
Putonghua if 
  
i) there is no stu dent who does not understand Cantonese  or Putonghua which 
is to be used after the switch ; and 
 3 ii) at least two -thirds of  students in the class favour the switch ( via secret ballot)  
and the instructor agrees to the switch . ** F or courses adopting sectional approach, the switch of language of instruction 
can be adopted for individual section. However, assignments and examinations for those courses switched from English 
to Chinese should ideally be in English, even when readings and classes are in 
Chinese, i. e. only the teaching language in classes is switched, not the language 
used in the assignments and examinations. Instructors should report the switch to the  relevant  Head of Department  who will 
inform  the Registry all of the switch es in the department .

--- Segment 6 ---
only the teaching language in classes is switched, not the language 
used in the assignments and examinations. Instructors should report the switch to the  relevant  Head of Department  who will 
inform  the Registry all of the switch es in the department . 9. It is mand atory for instructors to confirm  the language (s) of instruction  at the first 
session of class. The published language (s) of instruction should be adhe red to 
throughout the term, except for those courses/section s switched to Cantonese  or 
Putonghua  after the add/drop period  with pre -approval . 10. Heads of Departments should report c ourses where the language of instruction was 
switched to Chinese (Cantonese/Putonghua) to the Department Boards (for BA 
programmes  offered by departments under the Faculty of Arts ), the Undergraduate 
Business Programmes Committee  (for BBA  programme s) or the respective  
Programme and Curriculum Committee s (for other  programme s). Registry  shall 
report the switches to the AQAC and the Senate annually for reference. In addition, 
the reasons for the switches should be addressed in the annual programme reports as 
well as the five -year programme review  document s to reflect the fact that those 
switches are  anomalies. (Note:  This policy is applicable to all undergraduate courses.

--- Segment 7 ---
In addition, 
the reasons for the switches should be addressed in the annual programme reports as 
well as the five -year programme review  document s to reflect the fact that those 
switches are  anomalies. (Note:  This policy is applicable to all undergraduate courses. )  
 
  
 
Revisions approved in October  2024 
 
 
ML/CA/ay/Policy on LI from 2015 -16. doc/usb

