--- Segment 1 ---
1  REGULATIONS  GOVERNING  UNIVERSITY EXAMINATIONS  AND COURSE  
WORK  
 
1. Regulations  
 
All examinations  should be  conducted in accordance with these regulations. 2. Committees  
 
The Undergraduate  Examinations  Board  and the Postgraduate  Studies  Committee  
constituted  under  the Senate  are responsible  for overseeing  the conduct  of 
examinations  and reviewing  assessment  results  of undergraduate  students  and 
postgraduate  students  respectively. 3. Boards  of Examiners  
 
3. 1. A Board  of Examiners  should be formed  for each taught  postgraduate~ or bachelor’s  
degree* programme. 3. 2 Composition  
 
BBA  (Hons) and  BSocSc (Hons)  
Chairman  :  Programme Director  or his/her  delegated  representative  
 
Members  :  All staff concerned  with the setting  and marking  of any part of the 
examinations in the host Departments  
One representative from  each of the  other  two Faculties# 
Secretary  : Each  Board  should appoint  its own secretary  
Other  Undergraduate  Programmes* 
Chairman  :  Programme Director  or his/her  delegated  representatives  
 
Members@   :  All staff concerned  with the setting  and marking of any part of the 
examinations  
 
Secretary  :  Each  Board  should appoint  its own secretary  
 
 
 
~ For TPg programmes/courses  offered  by the Department of Chinese and Department of Cultural Studies of  the 
Faculty  of Arts,  all examination  matters  will be dealt  with by the Department  Board  concerned.

--- Segment 2 ---
3. 2 Composition  
 
BBA  (Hons) and  BSocSc (Hons)  
Chairman  :  Programme Director  or his/her  delegated  representative  
 
Members  :  All staff concerned  with the setting  and marking  of any part of the 
examinations in the host Departments  
One representative from  each of the  other  two Faculties# 
Secretary  : Each  Board  should appoint  its own secretary  
Other  Undergraduate  Programmes* 
Chairman  :  Programme Director  or his/her  delegated  representatives  
 
Members@   :  All staff concerned  with the setting  and marking of any part of the 
examinations  
 
Secretary  :  Each  Board  should appoint  its own secretary  
 
 
 
~ For TPg programmes/courses  offered  by the Department of Chinese and Department of Cultural Studies of  the 
Faculty  of Arts,  all examination  matters  will be dealt  with by the Department  Board  concerned. * For BA programmes/courses  offered  by the Departments of  the Faculty of Arts , all examination  matters  will be 
dealt  with by the Department  Board  concerned. For courses  offered  by the CEAL  and the CLEAC,  
examination  matters  will be handled  by the Boards  of the Centres. For courses  directly  offered  by the Office 
of the Core Curriculum  and the OSL,  examination  matters  will be overseen  respectively  by the Core 
Curriculum Committee  and the Service -Learning Programme Committee. For science courses offered  by the 
Division of Science , examination  matters  will be overseen  by the Board  of Division of Science . For music  
and performing  arts courses  offered  by the Wong  Bing  Lai Music and Performing Arts Unit (WBLMP),  
examination  matters  will be overseen  by the Board  of WBLMP. @ Individual  Boards  of Examiners  may include  additional  members  as appropriate. # For the Board  of Examiners  of BBA  (Hons)  Programmes,  there  should  be one representative  from  the Faculty  
of Arts and one from  the Faculty  of Social  Sciences. For the Board  of Examiners  of BSocSc  (Hons)  
Programme,  there  should  be one representative from  the Faculty  of Arts and one from  the Faculty  of Business.

--- Segment 3 ---
# For the Board  of Examiners  of BBA  (Hons)  Programmes,  there  should  be one representative  from  the Faculty  
of Arts and one from  the Faculty  of Social  Sciences. For the Board  of Examiners  of BSocSc  (Hons)  
Programme,  there  should  be one representative from  the Faculty  of Arts and one from  the Faculty  of Business. 2  Taught  Postgraduate  Programmes  (offered  by academic units1)  
Chairman  : Programme Director or  his/her  delegated  representative  
 
Members  : Dean  concerned  
Head(s)  of academic unit(s) offering  the programme  
All staff concerned  with the setting  and marking  of any part of the 
examinations  
 
Secretary  : Each  Board  should appoint  its own secretary  
 
 
Taught  Postgraduate  Programmes  (offered  by the School  of Graduate  Studies)  
Chairman  : Programme Director or  his/her  delegated  representative  
 
Members  : Dean  of School  of Graduate  Studies or  his/her  delegate  
All staff concerned  with the setting  and marking of any part of the 
examinations  
 
Secretary  : Each  Board  should appoint  its own secretary  
 
All staff concerned  with the teaching  of a course  should make themselves  available  in 
case they wish,  or are required,  to give evidence  in particular  cases,  and to submit  
written  reports  upon request. 3. 3 Duties  
 
(a) To maintain  the academic standards  of the programme  at a level  appropriate  to 
the type  of award. (b) To approve  examination  question papers  after considering the views  and 
recommendations  of External  Academic Advisers*,  where appropriate. (c) To maintain  general  supervision of the system  of continuous  assessment,  where  
it applies. (d) To maintain  the proper  conduct  of examinations. (e) To determine students' examination  results. (f) To assess the progress  of students  and to report  its decisions,  including its 
recommendations  for award  classification,  to the Undergraduate  Examinations  
Board  (undergraduate  programmes)  or the Postgraduate  Studies  Committee  
(postgraduate  programmes).

--- Segment 4 ---
(e) To determine students' examination  results. (f) To assess the progress  of students  and to report  its decisions,  including its 
recommendations  for award  classification,  to the Undergraduate  Examinations  
Board  (undergraduate  programmes)  or the Postgraduate  Studies  Committee  
(postgraduate  programmes). (g) To consider  appeals  referred  to it by  the Registrar. [* Comments  from  External  Academic  Advisers  should be used for future  reference 
and forward planning purpose. ]  
 
1 Academic units refer to Faculties and Schools, Departments, Units, and Divisions. 3  4. Persons  Involved in Examinations  
 
4. 1 Programme  Director/Head  of Academic Unit  
 
The Programme  Director/Head  of Academic Unit is responsible  for all matters  
relating  to examinations  within the  academic unit(s)  concerned. 4. 2 Examiner  
 
An Examiner  is the member  of academic  staff who sets an examination  paper  and 
prepares  the solutions  and marking  scheme.

--- Segment 5 ---
4. 2 Examiner  
 
An Examiner  is the member  of academic  staff who sets an examination  paper  and 
prepares  the solutions  and marking  scheme. If more  than one person is involved in 
the setting  of one examination  paper,  the examiner  should be one of their number  
designated by the Programme Director/Head  of Academic Unit concerned. 4. 3 External Academic Adviser  
 
An External  Academic Adviser is not on the staff  of the University,  but is appointed  
by the Senate. The duties  of External  Academic Advisers  are defined  in the Policy  on 
External  Academic Advisers  of Undergraduate  and Taught  Postgraduate  
Programmes. 4. 4 Subject  Teacher  
 
At the commencement  of a course  the subject  teacher  must  ensure  that all students  
understand the total assessment  procedures  for the  course. He/She  should also keep 
appropriate  records  and ensure  that each  student  completes  all assignments. 4.

--- Segment 6 ---
He/She  should also keep 
appropriate  records  and ensure  that each  student  completes  all assignments. 4. 5 Invigilator  
 
An invigilator  is a member  of academic staff designated by the Registrar  to be 
responsible  for supervising the conduct  of an examination. When  there are 40 or 
more  students  taking an examination in an examination  room, a minimum of two 
invigilators  will be appointed  to be on duty at any time in each examination  room. One of the  invigilators  will be  designated  as the Chief  Invigilator. 4. 6 Floating Invigilator  
 
When  there are less than 40 students taking an  examination,  a floating invigilator,  in 
addition  to the Chief  Invigilator, will be appointed  to be responsible  for two  or three 
rooms which  are in close  proximity. 4. 7 Registrar 
 
The Registrar  is responsible  to the Undergraduate  Examinations  Board/Postgraduate  
Studies  Committee  and the Senate for the proper  conduct  of examinations, and keeps  
all records  of student examination  results. 4.

--- Segment 7 ---
7 Registrar 
 
The Registrar  is responsible  to the Undergraduate  Examinations  Board/Postgraduate  
Studies  Committee  and the Senate for the proper  conduct  of examinations, and keeps  
all records  of student examination  results. 4. 8 Students  
 
Students  are required  to take all scheduled  tests and examinations. They  should  
observe  the regulations  governing  the conduct  of examinations. 4  5. Misconduct  in Examinations  and Course  Work  
 
5. 1 If a student  attempts  to gain an advantage  in the assessment  of his/her  work  by 
undertaking any of the  following  acts or any other  form  of dishonest practice,  it 
will be  regarded  as a case of misconduct:  
 
(a) Collusion - where two or more  students  misrepresent  their individual  
work  by knowingly  withholding crucial  information  from  teachers  on who 
actually  do the work. (b) Falsification  of Data - where  the presentation  of data in reports, projects  or 
research  papers,  which  is purported to be based  on experimental  or 
research  work  conducted by the student, has  actually  been invented by the 
student or obtained from  other  sources  by unfair  means. (c) Plagiarism  - the presentation of another  person’s  work  without  prope r 
acknowledgement  of the source, including exact  phrases,  or summarised  
ideas,  or even footnotes/citations,  whether  protected  by copyright  or not, 
as the student’s  own work. (d) Dishonesty  in connection  with test(s)  or examination(s),  or violation  of 
any rules  or regulations  governing  the conduct  of examinations.

--- Segment 8 ---
(c) Plagiarism  - the presentation of another  person’s  work  without  prope r 
acknowledgement  of the source, including exact  phrases,  or summarised  
ideas,  or even footnotes/citations,  whether  protected  by copyright  or not, 
as the student’s  own work. (d) Dishonesty  in connection  with test(s)  or examination(s),  or violation  of 
any rules  or regulations  governing  the conduct  of examinations. (e) Any other  form  of dishonest  practice,  e. g. submission  of same or 
substantially  same  work  for two different  assessments  (e. g. for assessment  
in two different  courses)  without  prior approval. 5. 2 Related  to (a) or (c) above,  allowing another  student  to copy  his/her  work  is 
regarded  as an act of misconduct. 5.

--- Segment 9 ---
2 Related  to (a) or (c) above,  allowing another  student  to copy  his/her  work  is 
regarded  as an act of misconduct. 5. 3 Procedures Applicable to Undergraduate Students  
5. 3. 1 Any staff member  who has reason  to believe  that a student  has committed  
academic misconduct  will present  the case to the Board  of Examiners  concerned  
and provide  the Board  with all the relevant  facts of the case. The Board  of 
Examiners  may check  the Registry  online  database to find out whether  the 
suspected  student  is a first-time or repeat  offender1 of academic misconduct. 5. 3. 2 The Board  of Examiners  will determine  whether  it is a case of academic 
misconduct  and decide  on the appropriate  penalty. The penalty  guidelines  are as 
follows:  
 
Misconduct  Penalty  Guidelines  
Plagiarism  First offence  of academic  misconduct:  
(i) The particular  piece of work  is marked  down by 
one grade for unintentional  offender  or given 
zero mark  for intentional offender;  and 
(ii) The student is required  to complete  the “Online  
 
1 Whether  the suspected  student  is a first-time or a repeat  offender  shall  be based  on the record  in the 
Registry  online  database at the time of checking,  notwithstanding  that the record  may be updated  later due 
to any subsequent  reported  case result(s).

--- Segment 10 ---
2 The Board  of Examiners  will determine  whether  it is a case of academic 
misconduct  and decide  on the appropriate  penalty. The penalty  guidelines  are as 
follows:  
 
Misconduct  Penalty  Guidelines  
Plagiarism  First offence  of academic  misconduct:  
(i) The particular  piece of work  is marked  down by 
one grade for unintentional  offender  or given 
zero mark  for intentional offender;  and 
(ii) The student is required  to complete  the “Online  
 
1 Whether  the suspected  student  is a first-time or a repeat  offender  shall  be based  on the record  in the 
Registry  online  database at the time of checking,  notwithstanding  that the record  may be updated  later due 
to any subsequent  reported  case result(s). 5   
 Tutorial  on Plagiarism  Awareness”  course  again  
and to attain at  least  70% of  the scores  in the  
course, failing  which  he/she  will be blocked from  
course  registration. Second  or further  offence  of academic  misconduct:  
(i) The particular  piece of work  is marked  down by 
one grade for unintentional  offender  or given 
zero mark  for intentional offender;  
(ii) The student is required  to complete  the “Online  
Tutorial  on Plagiarism Awareness” course  again  
and to attain at  least  70% of  the scores  in the  
course, failing  which  he/she  will be blocked from  
course  registration;  and 
(iii) One demerit*  is given  to the student  if the case is 
serious,  such as when  the plagiarism involved  is 
extensive  and there is a reason  to believe that  
there was  an intention  to deceive. Any other  form  of 
dishonest  practice in  
examination or  course  
work  (i) Zero mark  is given  to that particular  examination  
paper/piece of work;  
(ii) One demerit*  is given to the student;  and 
(iii) The Board  of Examiners  has the discretion  to 
revise  downward  the overall  course  grade for a 
serious  case,  such  as impersonation  of or by 
another person. * Removal  of the demerit  from  the transcript is subject  to review before 
graduation  
 
5. 3. 3 If a case involves  copying work  of another  student, the Board  of Examiners  
should also determine  the appropriate  penalty on the student  allowing  his/her  
work  being  copied  considering relevant  factors  such as the context  and reason  
for allowing his/her  own work  being  copied,  but in any case,  the penalty  should 
not be heavier  than that  for the student  who plagiarised. 5. 3.

--- Segment 11 ---
5. 3. 4 It is important  for the Board  of Examiners  to uncover  the reason(s)  behind the 
act of misconduct  and to explain  to the student  the importance  of academic  
integrity. 5. 3. 5 When a decision  is made  by the Board  of Examiners  that the student  concerned  
has committed  an act of misconduct, the Board  of Examiners  shall inform  the 
student  of the decision. If the student is required  to complete  the online  tutorial  
course  set out in Section  5. 4, the Board  of Examiners  should inform  the student  
and the Teaching  and Learning  Centre  in writing. The case should then be 
recorded  in the Registry  online  database. The Board  of Examiners  will present  a 
summary  of academic misconduct  cases  to the Academic Quality  Assurance  
Committee  for Undergraduate  Programmes  (AQAC)  on an annual  basis for 
onward submission to  the Senate  for noting.

--- Segment 12 ---
The case should then be 
recorded  in the Registry  online  database. The Board  of Examiners  will present  a 
summary  of academic misconduct  cases  to the Academic Quality  Assurance  
Committee  for Undergraduate  Programmes  (AQAC)  on an annual  basis for 
onward submission to  the Senate  for noting. 5. 3. 6 The student  concerned  may appeal  against  the decision  of the Board  of 
Examiners  through the Registrar  within  one week  from  the day he/she  is notified  
of the decision. The Sub-group on Academic Misconduct  Appeals  (SGAMA)  of 
6  the Student Disciplinary  Committee  (SDC) shall make a decision  on the appeal  
case and its decision  is final. The SGAMA  will present  a summary  of 
undergraduate  cases  to the  AQAC  on an annual  basis for  onward submission  to 
the Senate for  noting. 5. 3. 7 If the student  concerned  is involved in another  suspected  academic misconduct  
case,  the Board  of Examiners  should commence formal  administrative  process  
for this subsequent  case only after the appeal  period has lapsed  and the student  
has not submitted  an appeal  during  the appeal  period,  or, in case the student  
lodged an  appeal,  the decision  on the appeal  has been  made by the SGAMA.

--- Segment 13 ---
3. 7 If the student  concerned  is involved in another  suspected  academic misconduct  
case,  the Board  of Examiners  should commence formal  administrative  process  
for this subsequent  case only after the appeal  period has lapsed  and the student  
has not submitted  an appeal  during  the appeal  period,  or, in case the student  
lodged an  appeal,  the decision  on the appeal  has been  made by the SGAMA. 5. 4 Procedures  Applicable  to Postgraduate  Students  
5. 4. 1 Any staff member  who has reason  to believe  that a student  has committed  
academic misconduct  will present  the case to the Board  of Examiners  concerned  
and provide  the Board  with  all the relevant  facts of the  case. 5. 4. 2 The Board  of Examiners  will determine whether  it is a case of academic  
misconduct  and decide  on the appropriate  penalty. The penalty guidelines  are as 
follows:  
(a) Zero  mark  is given to that particular  examination paper/piece of work;  
(b) One demerit*  is given to the student;  and 
(c) The Board  of Examiners  has the discretion  to revise  downward the overall  
course  grade  for a serious  case,  such as impersonation of or by another  
person.

--- Segment 14 ---
2 The Board  of Examiners  will determine whether  it is a case of academic  
misconduct  and decide  on the appropriate  penalty. The penalty guidelines  are as 
follows:  
(a) Zero  mark  is given to that particular  examination paper/piece of work;  
(b) One demerit*  is given to the student;  and 
(c) The Board  of Examiners  has the discretion  to revise  downward the overall  
course  grade  for a serious  case,  such as impersonation of or by another  
person. * Removal  of the demerit  from  the transcript  is subject  to review  before  
graduation  
 
5. 4. 3 If a case involves  copying work  of another  student, the Board  of Examiners  
should also determine  the appropriate  penalty  on the student  allowing  his/her  
work  being  copied  considering  relevant  factors  such as the context  and reason  
for allowing  his/her  own work  being copied, but in any case,  the penalty should  
not be heavier  than that  for the student  who plagiarised. 5. 4. 4 The Board  of Examiners  shall  inform  the student  of its decision(s)  and record  
the case in the Registry  online  database. The Board  of Examiners  shall  also 
present  a summary  of academic misconduct  cases  to the PSC on an annual  basis  
for onward submission to  the Senate  for noting. 5.

--- Segment 15 ---
The Board  of Examiners  shall  also 
present  a summary  of academic misconduct  cases  to the PSC on an annual  basis  
for onward submission to  the Senate  for noting. 5. 4. 5 The student  concerned  may appeal  against  the decision  of the Board  of 
Examiners  through  the Registrar  within  one week  from  the day he/she  is notified  
of the decision. The Sub-group  on Academic  Misconduct  Appeals  (SGAMA)  
of the Student  Disciplinary  Committee  (SDC) shall  make a decision  on the 
appeal  case and its decision is final. The SGAMA  will present  a summary  of 
postgraduate  cases  to the PSC on an annual  basis  for onward submission  to 
Senate  for noting. 5. 4. 6 If the student  concerned  is involved in  another  suspected  academic misconduct  case,  
the Board  of Examiners  should commence formal  administrative  process  for this 
subsequent  case only after the appeal  period  has lapsed  and the student  has not 
7  submitted  an appeal  during the appeal  period,  or, in case the student  lodged  an 
appeal,  the decision  on the appeal  has been  made by the SGAMA. 6.

--- Segment 16 ---
6 If the student  concerned  is involved in  another  suspected  academic misconduct  case,  
the Board  of Examiners  should commence formal  administrative  process  for this 
subsequent  case only after the appeal  period  has lapsed  and the student  has not 
7  submitted  an appeal  during the appeal  period,  or, in case the student  lodged  an 
appeal,  the decision  on the appeal  has been  made by the SGAMA. 6. Method  of Examination  
 
The method of  examination  will be  as defined in the  course  scheme. 7. Supplementary  Assessments 
 
7. 1 A student  who is unable  to attend  or to complete  any scheduled  examinations  due to 
unavoidable  circumstances,  such as illness,  family  bereavement,  accident,  etc. , or has 
reasons  which  satisfy  the Board  of Examiners  and is able to produce  documentary  
support may be given supplementary  assessment(s). 7. 2 Due attention  should be given to the proportion of the continuous  assessment  and 
final examination of the course, and the continuous  assessment  performance of the 
student. If the student  has performed  badly  in continuous  assessment  which  accounts  
for a significant proportion of the total marks  of the  course,  allowing  him/her  to take 
a supplementary  assessment  may not be of any use in helping the student  pass the 
course.

--- Segment 17 ---
2 Due attention  should be given to the proportion of the continuous  assessment  and 
final examination of the course, and the continuous  assessment  performance of the 
student. If the student  has performed  badly  in continuous  assessment  which  accounts  
for a significant proportion of the total marks  of the  course,  allowing  him/her  to take 
a supplementary  assessment  may not be of any use in helping the student  pass the 
course. 7. 3 Supplementary  assessments  should  be held as soon  as possible  and not later than 3 
weeks  after the end of the examination  period. Exceptions  could  be granted  by the 
Chairman  of the Undergraduate  Examinations  Board/Postgraduate  Studies  
Committee. 7. 4 (a)  A supplementary  assessment  should be graded as an ordinary  assessment  and 
there is no restriction  on the  grade to be given. (b)  Previous  continuous  assessment  marks  should stand  and should be used again  in 
the calculation  of the overall  marks. 7. 5 All applications  for supplementary  assessments  should be made to the Registrar  by 
the subject  teacher  on behalf  of the students.

--- Segment 18 ---
7. 5 All applications  for supplementary  assessments  should be made to the Registrar  by 
the subject  teacher  on behalf  of the students. 7. 6 Applications  should be  made  on prescribed  forms  obtainable  from  the Registry. 8. Release of Assessment  Results  
 
8. 1 The Registrar  will release preliminary  assessment  results  upon the completion of 
grades  processing. But the results  are subject  to final  approval. 8. 2 Students  are allowed  to see their examination  scripts  in the presence of the teacher  
concerned, but the  scripts  remain  the property  of the  University.

--- Segment 19 ---
8. 2 Students  are allowed  to see their examination  scripts  in the presence of the teacher  
concerned, but the  scripts  remain  the property  of the  University. 8. 3 Finalised  assessment  results,  after  being  confirmed  by the Senate,  are to be disclosed  
only by the Registrar. 8. 4 Preliminary  and finalised  assessment  results  are disseminated  via the web for 
students’ easy  access. 8  9. Appeals  
 
9. 1 Discontinuation  of Studies  
 
9. 1.

--- Segment 20 ---
1 Discontinuation  of Studies  
 
9. 1. 1 A student  whose  studies  are discontinued at the University  due to unsatisfactory  
academic performance  or progression may appeal  in writing  through the Registrar  
against  the decision, enclosing  all the necessary  supporting  documents. The 
Discontinuation  Appeals  Panel  is empowered  by the Senate to decide on the case,  
mainly  on grounds  of extenuating circumstances  that affected  the studies  of the 
appellant  and/or  procedural  problem(s) in the assessment  process. The decision  of the 
Panel  will be final. 9. 1. 2 No fees  will be  charged  to students who lodge such appeals. 9. 1.

--- Segment 21 ---
9. 1. 3 Appeals  must  be made within  one week  after the announcement  of the resolution  of 
Undergraduate  Examinations  Board  (for undergraduate  programmes)/Postgraduate  
Studies  Committee  (for taught  postgraduate  programmes). 9. 1. 4 Results of appeals  will be determined  within  40 days from  the day when  the 
application is lodged. 9. 2 Review  of Grades  and Reassessment  
 
9. 2. 1 As all course  grades  are assigned according to criterion  referencing,  a student  is 
entitled  to know  the basis  on which the grade  has been assigned.

--- Segment 22 ---
2. 1 As all course  grades  are assigned according to criterion  referencing,  a student  is 
entitled  to know  the basis  on which the grade  has been assigned. This includes  the 
criteria  for grades  on individual  assessment  tasks,  and weighting  of individual 
assessment  tasks in calculating  the course  grade. 9. 2. 2 A student  unsure  of how  a course  grade  has been  arrived  at is encouraged  to seek an 
explanation from  the course  instructor. It is the course  instructor’s  obligation to 
provide  this information,  which may include  an explanation  of the criteria  used in 
marking  individual  assessment  tasks  and/or a confirmation of the scores  and 
weightings  on which  the course  grade  is based. In case a face- to-face meeting  
is impossible,  the instructor  and the student  can communicate  by other  means,  such 
as email  or telephone. During the process, the student  is not allowed  to lobby  
for a change of grade. 9.

--- Segment 23 ---
During the process, the student  is not allowed  to lobby  
for a change of grade. 9. 2. 3 When  the student  approaches  the instructor  for an explanation, he/she  may be 
required  to provide  the work  in question if this has  been  returned to him/her. 9. 2. 4 A student  may appeal  through  the Registrar  for a review  of grades. The appeal  
process  requires  the student  to explain  briefly  why he or she believes  the original  
calculation  is incorrect. The Registrar  will refer the appeal  to the Programme  
Director/Head  of Academic Unit concerned,  who will inform  the subject  teacher. The Programme  Director/Head  of Academic Unit will return  the result  of the  review 
to the  Registrar,  who  will inform  the student.

--- Segment 24 ---
The Registrar  will refer the appeal  to the Programme  
Director/Head  of Academic Unit concerned,  who will inform  the subject  teacher. The Programme  Director/Head  of Academic Unit will return  the result  of the  review 
to the  Registrar,  who  will inform  the student. 9. 2. 5 A student  may appeal  through the Registrar  for a reassessment  of one or more  written  
works. The appeal  process  requires  the student  to explain  briefly  why he or she 
believes  the original  grade  is unfair,  with reference  to the relevant  rubric  or marking  
scheme. The Registrar  will refer the appeal  to the Programme  Director/Head  of 
Academic Unit concerned. The  Programme  Director/Head  of Academic Unit will 
9  return  the result  of the reassessment  to the Registrar,  who will inform  the student. 9. 2.

--- Segment 25 ---
9. 2. 6 An appeal  for review  or reassessment  requires  a deposit, which  will be refunded  only 
if the  appeal  results  in a change to the  grade. 9. 2. 7 Appeals  must  be made within  two weeks  from  the release of preliminary  
examination results. 9. 2. 8 Results  of appeals  will be determined  within  7 working days from  the day when  the 
application is lodged. 10.

--- Segment 26 ---
8 Results  of appeals  will be determined  within  7 working days from  the day when  the 
application is lodged. 10. Conduct of Examinations  
 
10. 1 Students  must  familiarise  themselves  with these  regulations  before  attending  
examinations. 10. 2 Responsibility  to Attend  Examinations  
 
10. 2. 1 Students  are responsible  for checking  the dates,  times  and places  for their 
examinations  from  the examination timetables,  and for presenting  themselves  for 
examination at  the designated  place and  time. 10. 2.

--- Segment 27 ---
10. 2. 2 Examination  timetables  are normally published  by the Registrar  two weeks  before  
the commencement  of each  examination  period. 10. 2. 3 Where all or part of an examination  is by means  other  than a formally  invigilated  
written  examination, the Programme  Director/Head  of Academic Unit responsible  
for the course  concerned  should publish details  of the necessary arrangements. It is 
the students'  responsibility  to acquaint  themselves  with such  details. 10. 3 Identification  
 
10. 3.

--- Segment 28 ---
3 Identification  
 
10. 3. 1 Students  must  bring to each examination their Student  Identity Cards  and place  them  
on the top right  hand corner  of the desk for inspection  by invigilators  during the 
examination. 10. 3. 2 A student  will be liable  to disciplinary  action,  which  may include  expulsion from  the 
University, if he/she  impersonates  another  student  or allows  himself/herself  to be 
impersonated by  another student at  an examination. 10. 4 Seating  Arrangement  
 
Seating  arrangement  is posted  at the entrance of the examination  room. Students  
must sit in the  seats  allocated,  unless  otherwise  directed  by an invigilator. 10.

--- Segment 29 ---
Students  
must sit in the  seats  allocated,  unless  otherwise  directed  by an invigilator. 10. 5 Entry to Examination Room  
 
10. 5. 1 Students  should not enter  the examination  room  until an invigilator  tells them  to do 
so, normally  10 minutes before the commencement  of the examination. 10. 5. 2 Upon entering  the examination room, a student  is subject  to the authority  of the 
invigilator(s)  and must act  according  to the  instructions  given. 10   
10. 5.

--- Segment 30 ---
10   
10. 5. 3 Students  should take up their seats  according  to the seating  arrangement  and should  
not leave their  seats  without the  permission  of an  invigilator. 10. 5. 4 Students  should  place on their desks  only the stationery  and approved equipment  
which  are required  for the examination. They  should leave their other  personal  
belongings  in other  places  specified  by the invigilator(s). 10. 6 Use of Materials  and Equipment  
 
10. 6.

--- Segment 31 ---
6 Use of Materials  and Equipment  
 
10. 6. 1 Students should provide  themselves  with the  necessary  writing  and drawing  tools. 10. 6. 2 All questions  at a written  examination  must  be answered  on answer  books,  
supplementary  sheets  and other  materials  provided by the University for the purpose. 10. 6. 3 Students  must  not remove  from  the examination room  any materials  provided by the 
University  for use in examinations. 10.

--- Segment 32 ---
3 Students  must  not remove  from  the examination room  any materials  provided by the 
University  for use in examinations. 10. 6. 4 Students  at any examinations  must  not make use of any paper,  books, notes, 
dictionaries, instruments,  electronic/communication  devices  (such  as mobile  phones  
and smart  watches),  aids or other  materials,  unless  expressly  approved  in the 
instructions  of the examination  paper  concerned. All electronic/communication  
devices  must be switched  off. 10. 6. 5 Details  of any such materials  and aids which may be permitted  in the examination  
will be  notified  to students in advance by  the examiners. 10. 6.

--- Segment 33 ---
10. 6. 6 Where  electronic calculators  are permitted  for use in an examination, they should be 
hand- held, self-powered, silent  in operation,  and non-programmable  unless  expressly  
allowed. They  should not in any case possess any word -display  or graphical  
functions. Students  are not allowed  to use any external  media  associated  with an 
electronic calculator,  such as instruction  booklets, magnetic cards  or memory  
modules. Students  should ensure  that their calculators  are in working  order  and have 
sufficient power  supply. 10. 6. 7 All approved materials  and aids  are subject  to inspection  by the invigilator(s). 10.

--- Segment 34 ---
7 All approved materials  and aids  are subject  to inspection  by the invigilator(s). 10. 7 Distribution of Question  Papers  and Answer  Books  
 
10. 7. 1 The invigilator(s)  may distribute  question papers  and answer  books  according  to the 
seating  arrangement  before the commencement  of the examination. 10. 7. 2 Students should not  turn the papers  over and start working  until the invigilator/chief  
invigilator  tells them to do so. 10. 7.

--- Segment 35 ---
10. 7. 3 Invigilator(s)  should  give each student  only one answer  book,  except  under  special  
circumstances. Students  should be provided with supplementary  answer  sheets  if one 
answer  book is insufficient. 11  10. 8 Commencement of Examination  
 
10. 8. 1 The invigilator/chief  invigilator  should  write  on the whiteboard for the students'  
information the course  code,  course  title, section  number  (if any),  and the starting  and 
finishing times of  the examination. 10. 8.

--- Segment 36 ---
10. 8. 2 The invigilator/chief  invigilator  should tell the students  to start at the time specified  
in the  examination  timetable. 10. 8. 3 Fifteen  minutes  after the start of the examination,  the invigilator(s)  should mark  the 
attendance  register  to record  those  who are present. The invigilator(s)  should check  
the Student  I. D. cards  to ensure  that the photograph  resembles  the student  and that the 
same name has been  written  on the  answer  book. 10.

--- Segment 37 ---
cards  to ensure  that the photograph  resembles  the student  and that the 
same name has been  written  on the  answer  book. 10. 8. 4 A student  who does not possess a Student  I. D. card may be permitted  at the discretion  
of the invigilator/chief  invigilator  to sit for the examination, provided  that he/she  can 
present  his/her  Hong Kong Identity Card  and his/her  name  is on the attendance  
register,  but the matter  should be  recorded  in the  Invigilator's  Report. 10. 8. 5 The attendance register  should be updated to include  any latecomers. 10.

--- Segment 38 ---
5 The attendance register  should be updated to include  any latecomers. 10. 9 Late Arrival  
 
10. 9. 1 Students  who arrive  late may not normally be admitted  to the examination  room  after 
an examination  has been  in progress  for more  than 30 minutes. 10. 9. 2 Under  exceptional  or extenuating circumstances,  a student  may be admitted  at the 
discretion  of the invigilator/chief  invigilator  later than 30 minutes  after the 
commencement  of an examination, provided that no student  has left the examination  
room. 10. 9.

--- Segment 39 ---
10. 9. 3 No extra  time should be  given to latecomers. 10. 10 Leaving  the Examination Room  During an Examination  
 
10. 10. 1 Except  in cases  of illness  or for a valid  cause,  a student is not permitted  to leave the 
examination  room  during the first 30 minutes  after the commencement  of an 
examination and  during the final  15 minutes of  an examination. 10. 10. 2 A student  who wishes  to leave the examination  room  and who does not wish  to 
return  must  first seek the permission  of an invigilator,  who will collect  the student's  
script.

--- Segment 40 ---
10. 2 A student  who wishes  to leave the examination  room  and who does not wish  to 
return  must  first seek the permission  of an invigilator,  who will collect  the student's  
script. A student  whose  script  has been collected  is not permitted  to continue  with 
the examination. When  leaving  the examination  room, the student  must  take care 
not to disturb other  students. 10. 10. 3 Except  for a valid  cause,  a student  is not permitted  to leave the examination  room  
temporarily;  however,  if a student  needs  to leave the examination  room  temporarily  
for any  good reason  and intends  to return  to complete  the examination, he/she  must  
first seek the permission  of an invigilator. An invigilator  or a deputed person  will 
accompany  the student  at all times  during his/her  absence from  the examination  
room. The student  should not be given compensatory time for the period he/she  is 
absent  from  the examination room. 12  10.

--- Segment 41 ---
The student  should not be given compensatory time for the period he/she  is 
absent  from  the examination room. 12  10. 10. 4 A student  who leaves  the examination  room  without  the permission  of an invigilator  
will not be re-admitted  to the examination  room  and his/her  script  will be 
immediately  collected  by the invigilator. 10. 11 Conduct  of Students  
 
10. 11. 1 Students must comply with all instructions  given  by an invigilator. 10. 11.

--- Segment 42 ---
10. 11. 2 Students  must  observe  silence within  the examination  room  except  when  needing to 
communicate  with an invigilator,  and must  not cause any  unnecessary distraction  to 
other  students  (for example,  by leaving  mobile  phones  and pagers  on during 
examinations). An invigilator  may order  a student  to discontinue  the examination  
and leave the examination room  if the student, having  been warned,  persists  in 
causing  disturbance to other  students. 10. 11. 3 Students must not smoke, eat  or drink  in the examination room. 10. 11. 4 Students must not start writing  until given permission  to do so by an invigilator.

--- Segment 43 ---
11. 4 Students must not start writing  until given permission  to do so by an invigilator. 10. 11. 5 During  an examination,  a student  must  not communicate  in any way with another  
student, must  not give or receive any information,  material  or aid in any form  to or 
from  another  student, nor make  use of any material  or aid not approved  for that 
examination. 10. 11. 6 A student  who performs  any one of the following during an examination  is 
considered to be committing  academic misconduct:  
 
(a) possessing  or using any unapproved material;  
 
(b) communicating  with another  student;  
 
(c) copying from  another  student  or allowing  another  student to copy;  
 
(d) obtaining an unseen  written  examination  paper  before the examination;  
 
(e) impersonation of  or by another  person;  
 
(f) using mobile  phones,  pagers  or any electronic/communication  devices  unless  
expressly  approved in the instructions  of the examination  paper  concerned;  
and 
 
(g) any other  form  of dishonest practice. 10. 11.

--- Segment 44 ---
10. 11. 7 Any student  who is suspected  of academic misconduct  during an examination  will 
be so informed  on the spot by the invigilator,  who will remove  any unapproved  
materials  found. The student  will be allowed  to finish  the examination but should be 
warned  that he/she  may be disqualified  from  that examination  and that disciplinary  
action  may  be taken  against  him/her. 10. 11. 8 The case shall then be handled  in accordance  with the “Procedures  Applicable  to 
Undergraduate  Students”  / “Procedures  Applicable  to Postgraduate  Students”  under  
“5. Misconduct  in Examinations  and Course  Work”  of the Regulations  Governing 
University  Examinations  and Course  Work. 13  10. 12 Reminder to Students  
 
When  there are only 15 minutes  of examination  time remaining,  the invigilator/chief  
invigilator  should make an  announcement  to remind students  of the time  left.

--- Segment 45 ---
13  10. 12 Reminder to Students  
 
When  there are only 15 minutes  of examination  time remaining,  the invigilator/chief  
invigilator  should make an  announcement  to remind students  of the time  left. 10. 13 End of Examination  
 
10. 13. 1 At the finishing time of an examination,  the invigilator/chief  invigilator  will make 
an announcement  and instruct students  to stop writing. 10. 13. 2 Students  must  ensure  that all loose  pages  are securely  fastened  to the answer  book  
and that their student  numbers  and seat numbers  are written  on the answer  book and  
all supplementary  sheets. 10.

--- Segment 46 ---
2 Students  must  ensure  that all loose  pages  are securely  fastened  to the answer  book  
and that their student  numbers  and seat numbers  are written  on the answer  book and  
all supplementary  sheets. 10. 13. 3 In case a student  has not written  his/her  student  number  and seat number  on the 
answer  book  after the invigilator/chief  invigilator  has instructed  candidates  to stop 
writing,  he/she  should ask the permission  of an  invigilator  to do so. 10. 13. 4 Students  must  remain  seated  in silence until the invigilator(s)  has (have)  collected  
all the answer  books  and asked  them to leave. 10. 13. 5 It is the responsibility of the student  to ensure  that all work  which  is to be considered  
by the examiner  is handed in.

--- Segment 47 ---
13. 5 It is the responsibility of the student  to ensure  that all work  which  is to be considered  
by the examiner  is handed in. No work  which  is removed  by the student  from  the 
examination room  will be considered by the examiner. 10. 13. 6 The invigilator/chief  invigilator  should complete  an Invigilator's  Report  on the 
Conduct  of the Examination  and return  it to the Registrar  immediately  after the 
examination session  concerned. 10. 14 Emergencies  
 
10. 14. 1 Arrangements  for examinations  conducted  on campus  or in hybrid2 mode  when  
Tropical  Cyclone  Warning  Signal  No.

--- Segment 48 ---
14. 1 Arrangements  for examinations  conducted  on campus  or in hybrid2 mode  when  
Tropical  Cyclone  Warning  Signal  No. 8 or above  is in force  or likely  to be issued  
within  two hours  as announced by the Hong  Kong Observatory/Black  Rainstorm  
Warning  Signal  is in force/ “Extreme  Conditions” is  announced by the Government:  
 
(Note:  Online  examinations  will be held as scheduled  in the following conditions  
unless  otherwise  advised  by course  teachers,  but parties  responsible  for conducting 
online  examinations  will not return  to the campus  in the following conditions  under  
which  examinations  conducted on campus  or in hybrid2 mode  are 
cancelled/postponed. )  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
2 For hybrid  mode,  both on-campus  face to face and real time online  options  are offered  simultaneously. 14  (a) For examinations  not yet started:  
 
When  Tropical  Cyclone  
Warning  Signal  No. 8 or above  is 
in force or  likely  to be  issued  
within  two hours (as announced  
by the Hong Kong  Observatory)  
/Black Rainstorm  Warning 
Signal is in force / “Extreme  
Conditions”  is announced  by the 
Government : Arrangement  
Anytime  between  6:00 a. m. and 
10:59 a. m. All examinations  commencing  before  
1:30 p.

--- Segment 49 ---
m. All examinations  commencing  before  
1:30 p. m. will be  cancelled/postponed. Anytime  between  11:00  a. m. and 
3:59 p. m. All examinations  commencing  from  
11:00 a. m.

--- Segment 50 ---
All examinations  commencing  from  
11:00 a. m. and  before 6:30 p. m. will be  
cancelled/postponed. At 4:00 p. m. or after All examinations  commencing  from  
4:00 p. m. onward will be cancelled  / 
postponed.

--- Segment 51 ---
m. onward will be cancelled  / 
postponed. (b) An  examination   already  in  progress   will  continue   unless  the Chief  
Invigilator  is advised  by the Registrar  that it should be terminated. 10. 14. 2 For other  situations  of emergency,  examinations  may also be postponed  upon  
announcement  by the University  through broadcasting. 10. 14. 3 Examinations  postponed  will be held on the day right after the end of the 
examination  period. A re-schedule  of the examinations  affected  will be 
announced through  Registry  notice  or by individual  taught  postgraduate  
programmes.

--- Segment 52 ---
3 Examinations  postponed  will be held on the day right after the end of the 
examination  period. A re-schedule  of the examinations  affected  will be 
announced through  Registry  notice  or by individual  taught  postgraduate  
programmes. 10. 15 Complaints  
Any complaint  about  the conduct  of an examination  should be made in writing  to the 
Registrar  no later than five  working  days after  the examination concerned. [Note:  The above  Regulations  are applicable  to undergraduate  and taught  postgraduate  
programmes  of the University. Concerning  examination  matters  related  to the 
research  component  of taught  postgraduate  programmes,  please  refer to the 
Regulations  Governing Taught  Doctoral/Master’s  Degree Programmes. For taught  
postgraduate  programmes,  the role of Registrar  is taken  up by the Programme  
Director  concerned,  except  the role mentioned  in Section  9. 1 of the Regulations. For non-UGC -funded programmes  administered  by Lingnan Institute  of Further  
Education  (LIFE),  some  of Registr ar’s roles  will be taken  up by the Director  of 
LIFE. LIFE  has a separate set  of regulations  governing its examinations.

--- Segment 53 ---
For non-UGC -funded programmes  administered  by Lingnan Institute  of Further  
Education  (LIFE),  some  of Registr ar’s roles  will be taken  up by the Director  of 
LIFE. LIFE  has a separate set  of regulations  governing its examinations. ]  
 
Revised  in October  2024

