--- Segment 1 ---
REGULATIONS GOVERNING VISITING AND AUDITING STUDENTS  
In addition to accepting students into programmes leading to academic awards, the University 
admits visiting students and auditing students to study courses at the University. 1. Visiting Students  
1. 1 An applicant whose educational standard is considered adequate by the academic unit(s) 
concerned may be considered for admission as a visiting student to study at the 
University for a specified period. 1. 2 A visiting student may be admitted through a Uni versity approved student exchange 
programme or through direct applications on individual merits. 1. 3 Visiting students are not eligible for a formal academic award but can apply for a 
certification of their registration status and/or a certification of ac ademic performance. 1. 4 A visiting student may take either a full -time or a part -time study load in any term s.

--- Segment 2 ---
1. 4 A visiting student may take either a full -time or a part -time study load in any term s. 1. 5 Students on exchange programmes usually pay tuition fees to their parent institutions. Other visiting students are required to pay the pres cribed amount of tuition fee and all 
other relevant fees. 1. 6 A visiting student must sit for the examination of the courses taken, and will receive 
grades and credits after completing the requirements of the courses concerned. The status 
of a visiting st udent will be indicated in all documents issued by the University. 1. 7 Visiting students are not eligible for scholarships or financial aid.

--- Segment 3 ---
1. 7 Visiting students are not eligible for scholarships or financial aid. 2. Auditing Students  
2. 1 An applicant whose educational standard is considered adequate by the academic unit(s) 
concerned may be considered for admission as an auditing student for a specified period. 2. 2 Application for admission as an auditing student should be made to the Registrar, 
supported by documents required by the Registrar, such as public examination res ults, 
school transcripts and reference letters. 2. 3 Auditing students are not eligible for a formal award or for a certificate from the 
University. 2.

--- Segment 4 ---
3 Auditing students are not eligible for a formal award or for a certificate from the 
University. 2. 4 An auditing student is normally not allowed to take more than 11 credits per term. 2. 5 An auditing s tudent is required to pay the prescribed amount of tuition fee and all other 
relevant fees. 2. 6 An auditing student is not allowed to sit for any examinations and will not be given any 
grade s or other academic recognition for the courses taken. The status  of an auditing 
student will be indicated in all documents issued by the University. 2. 7 Auditing students are not eligible for scholarships or financial aid.

--- Segment 5 ---
2. 7 Auditing students are not eligible for scholarships or financial aid. [Note: For taught postgraduate programmes, the role of Registrar is taken up by the 
Programme Director concerned. ]  
 
Updated in October  2019  
 
/ay/rgva s. doc. usb

