--- Segment 1 ---
Part A. Multiple choice questions (10 marks)

1. (2 marks) During backpropagation, as the gradient flows backward through a sigmoid non-linearity, the gradient will always:
Increase in magnitude, maintain polarity 
Increase in magnitude, reverse polarity
Decrease in magnitude, maintain polarity 
Decrease in magnitude, reverse polarity


2. (2 marks) You design the following fully connected neural network, for the last layer  activation is sigmoid and your optimizer is stochastic gradient descent. You initialize all the weights and biases to zeros and forward propagate an input in the network. What is the output ? -1
0
0. 5
1


3. (2 marks) Suppose we have the following code for forward propagation through a single hidden layer using sigmoid activation in a neural network. What code could be used to fill in the blank in yellow?

--- Segment 2 ---
(2 marks) Suppose we have the following code for forward propagation through a single hidden layer using sigmoid activation in a neural network. What code could be used to fill in the blank in yellow? z = W*a_prev + b
z = W. *a_prev + b
z = np. matmul(W, a_prev) + b
z = np. dot(W, a_prev) + b


4. (2 marks)  You are given a black box optimizer which produces the loss curve shown in Figure. You see a big red button on the optimizer and decide to push it. After doing this, you notice the loss curve shown in (B). You press the button one more time and finally notice the loss curve shown in (C).

--- Segment 3 ---
After doing this, you notice the loss curve shown in (B). You press the button one more time and finally notice the loss curve shown in (C). Which hyperparameter is most likely to be modified by pressing the button? learning rate
batch size
number of epochs
number of hidden layers and units



5. (2 marks) Assuming we have fully connected neural networks with sigmoid activations trained with SGD, how could we avoid the vanishing gradient problem? early stopping
replace Sigmoid activations with ReLU
use better initialization
use deeper neural network


























Part B. Short questions (10 marks)

1. (5 marks) You want to solve a classification task. You first train your network on 50 samples. Training converges, but the training loss is very high.

--- Segment 4 ---
You first train your network on 50 samples. Training converges, but the training loss is very high. You then decide to train this network on 10,000 examples. Is your approach to fixing the problem correct? If yes, explain the most likely results of training with 10,000 examples. If not, give a solution to this problem. 2. (5 marks)  Consider the design of two deep neural networks: 
• Network A is used for predicting the temperature in degrees Celsius tomorrow;
• Network B is used for predicting the weather - sunny, rainy, windy or cloudy. For each of the two networks, what are the typical or recommended types/numbers of components for the following? (i) Type of neurons in the hidden layers
(ii) Type of neurons in the output layer
(iii) Number of neurons in the output layer
(iv) Type of loss function

--- Segment 5 ---
For each of the two networks, what are the typical or recommended types/numbers of components for the following? (i) Type of neurons in the hidden layers
(ii) Type of neurons in the output layer
(iii) Number of neurons in the output layer
(iv) Type of loss function

